I miss you everyday but today is the worst day since that day xx you are the best dad any girl Could want , I was and am so proud that you are my dad , such a funny kind witty perfect man xxx my daddy , my friend , my protector . RIEP daddio love your nicnacnoo xxxx
One of the greatest person I had the pleasure of being in my family my brother in law Dave the uncle and God father to my 3 children a true legend we had so many good times and many a crazy time together just to see your amazing smile one more time and a few of them jokes I miss you so much Dave would love to have a beer together again although that always got messy  until we meet again RIP love you always and forever in our hearts xx
y wonderful great friend we laughed we cried we hugged we argued we love like true friends do miss you millions and so much more rip smithy till we meet again love always lynn and him xxxx
Pop Pop, We are so glad you are at peace now.  Enjoy eternity with the love of your life, your angel Peggy. We love you.  Billy, Shannon. and Zane.
Carl, I think of you every day! I’m glad your with Peggy now. Rest In Peace.
Though I didn't know your name James, your role in this community no doubt inspired so many people creatively, personally and socially - there are lives that you made richer and fuller just by doing what you loved.
James made a positive difference, and a great impact, on our little niche of the internet. May he be eternally throwing down nat 20s. With much gratitude and love from the WMLP! crew.
Rest in Peace, James.
Praying for his family and friends. I worked with James at the Home depot in Pelham he was a wonderful guy.  May he rest in Peace. Raechelle Met Team 0805 Pelham Home Depot
I join many others in appreciating the good will and energy that James brought to our community. We will miss his voice.
It has been so wonderful to read all these heartwarming comments about my brother !
James was my younger brother and the sweetest kid. I loved him very much. As a teen we played lots of board games together and would see won the most games at the end of the summer. He was a gentle man, quite, very intelligent and I loved his laugh. Excellent Whit and LOVED his Brisco.  I will miss him greatly. 50 was too short! I love you bubba!
I am grateful for all that James did for a hobby he loved so well. He has passed too soon and will be missed.
James did the kind of work that brought folks together. In a hobby community that is often disagreeing with itself with an exceptional amount of engergy... he made a place where the shared love and enthusiasm of creating and playing was the focus. Thanks, James.
Rest in peace, James. I didn't know you well, but I appreciated your work and your presence in our shared hobby. Fifty years is too short a time.
I am deeply saddened to learn of James' passing. I knew him from our online interactions, and he struck me as a genuinely kind individual who had lived for his family and friends. He was a presence in our hobby, one of the people who always had a good word for everyone. He will be missed. Rest in peace, and my condolences to those who survive him.
James had a wide reach and did a great service to us roleplaying enthusiasts with his blog. He will be missed. My condolences to the family he leaves behind.
Rest in Peace James, you will be missed.
James was a valuable member of the gaming community and a kind-hearted, pleasant soul. He'll be missed.
Prayers for James' repose and the family's comfort. He was much appreciated and will be missed.
I only knew him through his blog. His post and insight will be missed. A candle very bright burned out too soon.
James always conducted himself as a gentleman and all around good guy. He will be missed.
My bubba will be missed by many.  He was whitty and smart as a whip.  He was always kind to me and had a great smile. I love you always.
His candle burned bright for many in the gaming community. He will be greatly missed.
He was a very eloquent,  very welcome voice in the Old School gaming community. I was surprised and saddened to read the news on his blog, and wish to extend my condolences to his family and loved ones.
James was a kind and thoughtful person, and a generous contributor to his beloved hobby. We will miss him.
James was a wonderful voice and presence in the old school gaming community. I trusted him, and always found him kind, generous, and community spirited. My condolences to his son and family.
Enjoyed his blog, seemed like a wonderful person full of joy.  My condolences and prayers for your loss.
My sincerest condolences. I only knew and interacted with James through the 'old school' gaming community, unfortunately I never had the pleasure to meet him. I admired his passion and enthusiasm, and he wrote often of his son and his shared joy of gaming with him. I will miss him and his creativity greatly.
I too only conversed with James about gaming, but his was always a calm voice no matter the background noise. Taken from us far too soon. Rest in peace and prayers for your family.
I don't know if it is right for me to leave this as I never spoke with James but I read his blog often and always found it insightful. His posts helped introduce me to a hobby that I enjoy thoroughly and I’m thankful for that. Rest in peace and condolences to his family.
I'm truly sorry for your loss. James was such a kind man. I only corresponded with him about gaming, but I always enjoyed our emails to each other. Peace and grace to you all.
I miss you so much mom, I don’t know what to do!
Pat, I only have great memories of you and will hold you in my heart until we are reunited in heaven with all of your loved ones. God's blessings for your wife and loved ones.
Debbie, Cheryl and I are so sorry for your loss. We are so grateful we were able to spend an evening with you guys when you were in Bremen. Prayers for your family ❤️
Debbie, My sincere sympathy and prayers go out to you and the family.  May many wonderful memories ease the pain and may he Rest in Peace.
My dear cousin Pat.  Many great times growing up. RIP my cousin.  Looking forward to when we meet again someday.  God Bless.
I'm just without words to say after hearing this news.  Pat was a classmate of mine from Bremen High School class of 1978.  My heart goes out to his family and friends along with prayer.  He was such a kind person and will be missed by many.  May God bless you all during this time.  From myself and our class, RIP Pat Smith.
He will wipe away every tear from their eyes, and death shall be no more, neither shall there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain anymore, for the former things have passed away. " Rev 21:4  Love you always brother, and look forward when we meet again.
It was with much sadness and a sense of loss that the ninety members of the Mapleton Men's Shed learnt of Alan's passing away. Al was a most popular member who other than being a skilled tradesman and mentor also had wonderful personal attributes of kindness, welcoming to one and all, always ready to hear someone's story and a wicked sense of humour. Although not much older than me, I always thought of Al as cutting a father like figure at the Shed and is someone whose wisdom that I have personally sought on a few occasions. The members of the Shed extend their deepest sympathy to Margaret and all the other members of the family. Sincerely John Brady President"
Alan was a very dear friend from the time I was 15 and he was 16. A lot of things have happened since that time but time and distance never affected our friendship and I always knew that if ever I needed a friend ( and there were many times over the years ) he would always be there if I called. We went through many good and bad times together and I am heartbroken to think that he is no longer with us. Goodbye dear friend.
I liked Alan a lot. He was a good, genuine bloke. My condolences to his wife and family.  Go in peace, Alan. Hank
RIH With  my daughter, Joey... You were a great kid and missed by so many .. love you kid!!
My beautiful sister I miss you every second of every day. Life very different with out you  xx
I love and miss you mother you will always be with me in my heart...
Dear Smith family, If someone would ask me who I admired most in life, Gene Smith would be at the top of the list.  A true rags to riches story. From struggling farmer to aerospace engineer.  From living in a run-down farm house with no running water to a home with a swimming pool.  I am so full of wonderful memories about Gene and Barb.  I am so thankful that they have been part of my life. The stories Gene would tell about Uncle Boyd and Aunt Virginia living out on the farm were priceless.  Gene relayed that during World War II sugar was rationed.  Boyd decided to bury his sugar to hide it from the authorities, regretfully he forgot where he buried it.  This buried treasure became an urban legend and somehow the sugar was morphed to money.   I know where Gene got his sense of humor and adventure, from his father Boyd. Boyd was a real character. His wife, Virginia was the most kind, good humored, and easy-going person on earth - she had to be to off-set her risk-taking husband.  Apparently, when Gene was a young teenager and just learning to fly, his dad was in the hospital and simply checked himself out.  He called Gene and told him to get in the airplane and come get him.  When the young, inexperienced pilot landed in Cedar Rapids, there was Boyd at the end of the runway waiting for him.  Other stories Gene told about Boyd’s adventures with the airplanes involved several crashes.  According to Gene, one accident resulted in Boyd being scalped and Virginia breaking several bones.  I guess you could call Boyd one lucky aviator.   I recently ran into a man at the Brooklyn nursing home (Bob Murtha) who was a pilot in WWII, I asked him why he didn’t have an airplane.  He giggled and responded, “Your uncle wrecked it.”  Gene’s nickname was “Guts” he didn’t back down from a fight and he was willing to take a risk.  I was home in Victor over Christmas and joined Dad’s coffee crew.  One of Gene’s friends, Don Branyon was there and told the story of how Gene and his good friend in high school would get into arguments while they were in the car.  Gene would pull over, the two would get out, settle their differences with a fist fight, and get back the car like nothing had happened.  This happened many, many times and according to Don, Gene would win the verbal argument but fell short with the fists.  I remember going to Los Angeles as a child and going with the Smith kids to Knott’s Berry Farm and Disneyland.  I especially remember one New Year’s Day when we attempted to attend the Rose Bowl Parade.  The problem was that it was so foggy you couldn’t see.  Gene was driving through fog with Uncle Chuck walking in front of the car guiding us through the worst. A car with a boat attached to its roof ran a light, crashed into the car in front and the boat went sailing down the street.   Once we finally arrived at the parade, it was so crowded that we couldn’t see a thing.   Gene was the best story teller I have ever encountered.   Gene and Dad (Don) were raised more like brothers than first cousins. The best Thanksgivings I ever experienced were those when Gene, Barb, Mom, and Dad would come to celebrate.  I would stand mesmerized at our island in the kitchen as Gene would entertain us with stories of Boyd, Virginia, and adventures with Dad.   Gene and Dad’s shenanigans go way back.  One time when Gene was in detention at school, and was forced to write, “I will not (fill in the blank)” 100 times on the blackboard. My Dad climbed up to the second story, clinging to the side of the building, he inched his way to the classroom, crawled in the window and helped Gene finish his punishment.  The plan was foiled when the teacher walked in and saw Dad’s shoes sticking out from under her desk.   Another Don and Gene adventure that sticks out involved a shattered windshield.  Dad, Gene and Lowell Jack were on their way to a music festival in Williamsburg in Grandpa Raymond’s 1937 Chevy.  For some stupid reason, Gene brought along Uncle Boyd’s loaded pistol.  Lowell thought it was a toy gun, grabbed the gun and pointed it at Gene’s head.  Gene knocked it away just in time, the gun went off and shattered the windshield.   They drove the car to a dealership in nearby Marengo for repairs where the owners realized there was something fishy going on and called their parents.  The three teenagers made up a plausible excuse, practiced it, and convinced their parents that it was simply a rock that shattered the windshield.   The Smith/Rohrer/Nixon Thanksgivings could not be complete without a trip downtown DC to the Air and Space Museum.  Gene would show us the Minute Man Missile and explain how he was involved in its creation and why it was replaced.  Even today when I am in the museum, I go pay homage to Gene and his minute man missile.  Dad and Gene, being children of the great depression could not pass up a deal and couldn’t stand throwing away something that had any life left in it.  This philosophy regretfully matched perfectly with my husband, Brian.  While Barb, Mom and I were off having fun at a craft fair, we gave our husbands the chore of going to the dump with strict orders, “Do not come back with more that you took!”  Dad, Gene and Brian came back snickering and bragging that they had discovered the “art of dumpster diving.” I also couldn’t throw anything away while the three were present. They were constantly pulling things our to the trash questioning why I would throw this away.  At one point, I was trying to make room in the refrigerator for left over Thanksgiving dinner and threw some old grapes away.  Several minutes later I spotted Dad and Gene hovering over the waste basket pulling grapes out of the trash and eating them and lamenting why I would throw this away! These memories that I have of Gene and those he shared with me are precious; I am sorry I cannot tell them as well as the master story- teller himself.  He was truly one of a kind and as Jeff said, he crossed the finish line.  I like to think of him as racing across the finish line, fists pumping up in the air  yelling “What a ride!” Love,  Jane Rohrer Nixon
Air Force veteran. Negro League farm team baseball player. Quartet crooner. Former English teacher. U.S. Postal Service retiree. Smart. Handsome. Gentle. Fiercely loving and devoted to family. Cousin. Uncle. Grandpa. Dad. Husband.  Life will never be the same without our loved one, Milton Ellison Smith. Milton battled Parkinson’s disease for the last several years of his life. Parkinson’s is an awful disease. It afflicted him, mind and body, sometimes spirit. But we praise God that he’s not in pain any longer. No more shaking. No more rigidity. He is clear-minded. He is free. We hope he’s pitching perfect curve balls like he’s always wanted to do in the really Big Leagues in Paradise. .  We are so grateful God allowed us to have him in our lives for a time. He will be in our hearts forever.
Sad that I only knew Skyler for a short time.  He was one of those people you just wanted to embrace.  And a hug from him was a true hug.  Not just a pat on the back.  I was lucky to know him and he will be missed by many.
She was what Yoruba call "Abiyamo aboja gborogboro". Iya dada.  Sun re o.
Its so hard to believe that its now been 4 years in just a few short days that I watched you take that last breath before glory! ITs such a hard pill to swallow to see your Mama take her last breath but I am glad in a sense that I was there holding your precious hands for the last few days you suffered here on this earth...What an amazing warrior and fight you fought in order to have just a few short hours with the family who came to see you that you so loved! I know they miss you so much too!!! Save a spot for me Mama!
we miss you john
Dear Best Friend  I hope you're are good, genuinely good , since you have been gone it has not been easy I want to thank you. Even though it broken me into a million pieces .when you left, I want to say thank you, even though I miss you already , I want to say thank you .,thank you for inspired ing me inspiring me to face my fears. you make me want to be better .you make me want to work on myself even knowing doing this without you by my side is one of the hardest things I have ever had to do I am doing it and I wish you could see me , I wish you could be here to see me transform into this new person but you not here I just hope you proud of me I'm not mad I'm just in pain , but what's the sun without a little rain right. I once told you , I could conger with he world with just one hand,.as along you where holding the other all now I have is the thought of you holding it but I will still conger the world no matter where you are I will stay strong and stand tall because I know you wouldn't want to see me fall what ever Success I'm celebrating I always think of you first Because you my biggest inspiration and I want you to be proud of me I just want you to be proud of me and I want you to keep going too , I want you to win even though I cant be there to celebrating with you I want you to love yourself , I want you to be yourself be the light you want to see in the world , you have everything that you need inside of you but you know that I told you more and enough but I always want you to remember I hope you remember my words when you feel alone I hope you remember all the words I told you when you where down on yourself, no matter where you are in the world and where I am in the world I always love you I miss you so much already but you in heaven and not in pain love always forever you're best friend Alison
He will be missed, but will always be a part of our lives
I lay Those Flowers for you I miss you so much already
14th Fev my  best friend was taken form cancer he had it on and off for 3 years he grew angle wings
A lady of pure love, who loved unconditionally and from the heart.
Happy Heavenly Birthday Amy! I miss seeing you each day. Love you always
I am so sorry to hear this heartbreaking news. I love your family and think of you all the time. Your mom was such an amazing woman. Wisdom she shared with me has stayed with me and helped me through some very dark times. She was there to encourage me when I was struggling with my marriage as well as to celebrate with me when we welcomed our second daughter into this world.  Zoie loved her “Aunt Amy”. She always made her feel so special.  Zoie knew right where Aunt Amy kept Zoie’s special treats and Zoie would help herself to that cupboard frequently! I loved watching Amy interact with Zoie and seeing what an amazing Grammy she would one day be. So thankful she was able to meet and enjoy her 2 grandsons. I know they must have been the highlight of her life!   You guys were my favorite part of Henderson, NC.  Though it was a short time, it was so impactful to me and my family. I am so thankful to have known this amazing woman and was blessed to share life with her and her incredible daughters. I’ll be praying that God surrounds all of you with his loving arms of comfort and peace during this very difficult season.  Love you and miss you❤️
I was saddened to hear of Amy's death just today.  I graduated high school with her and I so remember her wonderful smile and personality.  She was a wonderful person back then as she was now.  Always could count on Amy to see the brighter things in life.  Her smile, her spirit, and her presence will be missed by everyone who knew her.  My deepest condolences to her family.  My thoughts and prayers are with you all.
I'm still in shock and can hardly believe she's gone. She had a smile that would light up the day's, even if was pouring rain. She had a a very warming personality that made you feel like she had known you all your life. You girls, the rest of your family and her many friends will be in our thoughts and prayers. We know we will see her again so we take comfort from this. Keep her memories alive. They will help you make it through the very hard days.
So sorry to hear of Amy’s passing. Prayers for peace, comfort, and strength for the family. Rejoice in the Lord. God will guide you during this difficult time. Rest your soul Amy.
Karen, I am so sorry for your loss. There are no words for losing a sibling. I will keep you in my prayers. Love to you all! Darlene and Albert Campbell
Those we love don’t go away. They walk besides us every day.  Heaven gained another angel.  Our  heart aches for your entire family.  I’m so honored to have known Amy.  With deepest sympathy.  Will and Jodi Getman.
You have been a wonderful example of unconditional love to your friends and family. The Lord holds a special place for you in heaven.  Rest in Peace Amy until you see them all again!
WITH HEAVY HEARTS ,SAYING GOOD-,BYE TO A BEAUTIFUL PERSON. YOU,AMY WILL BE SO MISSED. YOU HAVE LEFT ONLY BEAUTY TO ALL.. REST IN PEACE. RICHARD &amp; JAIMYE EARLS
Your life here was very short, but you’re beauty and loving smile will live on forever. May you rest now in peace and may God Bless you all at this very difficult and sad time.
My thoughts and prayers are with you all during this difficult time.  May God’s unconditional love and comfort hold you up in the day’s to come.  Such a sweet soul, gone too soon!
I am shocked and so , so sorry to hear of Amy's death!  My thoughts and prayers are with the family during this difficult time and in the days to follow!
Thoughts and prayers to Amy's Family at this time. My heart just breaks for her Family.
Words will never Express what I feel right now but the comfort is knowing that Amy loved the Lord. I will miss her calling at the end of the day asking to send a student to the office to go home. Family, stay strong in the Lord and the power of His might. Praying for you all!
This has come as such a shock to me. However, I take joy in knowing that Amy is with our Heavenly Father!  In the time she has been back with us at Dabney, I have seen such a change in her! She was always keeping us laughing! You had to know her to truly love her ! She would ask me from time to time questions about my religion and faith. I am glad I got to see her and talk to her before I left work Thursday. She would always say “Okay, bye sweetie!” or “love you girl!” when I left the office ! I will miss you so much “my sista” (Amy knows)!
There is so many memories of you (and buddy). You were like a son to me (you even listened better then them). You were a very smart person and you always knew what you were talking about . I enjoyed you and buddy living with us even tho he wrecked my house and I had to take him for fake rides otherwise he cried the whole you were gone lol  you were my son's best friend you helped in ways and they helped you in ways. You are now a angel watching over them. I miss that big smile and laugh ❤️ we love you and miss you Oreo❤️ Keep watching over your loved ones.
Brandon where to begin.. u where respectful and well respected... u may not be blood but u will always be my brother.. all of the great times we had when u lived with us... all of the nfl challenges we had on the Xbox... all of the walking around and Messing with people.. I miss u bro and I wish to see u soon
Brandon a.k.a Oreo..that's what we knew you by because that's what you wanted us to call you.. you rode my parents bus..never caused them any trouble...you lived with us for a few months...you never caused us any trouble..you respected us, were thankful that we let you stay with us, appreciated us. We love you and will never forget the many memories we have.
Brandon you are a bright and shining star that's had the light fade to early. You were sweet and smart with a lot of life and amazing days ahead. So sorry you were taken to early, God wanted you home for some reason only he understands. Loved lots and missed much.  Always.
ove you brandon you will always be in my heart .you were to young to go your had a whole life ahead of you ,i am so sorry please know i miss you soo much it hurts  i hope you are smiling  and happy love you son
May God bless The Family through this time.
For Jayden When mortal tears Fall in a hail of meteors Into seas with no safe shores. We are faced with unbelieveable fears. When a child is taken at such young years. Heaven hears loud trumpets of rage. The angels of every age Rain down under falling tears. © Jerry Langdon 2019
Jayden was such a sweet boy. loved by all. when I met him for the first time after he was born I fell head over heals in love. U little man gone to soon but will never be forgotten. I LOVE U JAYDEN LEE SMITH
Sue, rest in peace
I think my greatest memory of you were when we had our family reunion at staunton Park you and Uncle Charlie would always help mom see that we kids were always dressed nice. You will always be loved and missed.
You were kind and generous to everyone you met. You had a deep love for children. I loved you like a mom because you loved me like a daughter. I miss you and think of you every day. You are forever in my heart and I will always love you.
GONE FROM ME WAY TO SOON,NEVER WILL FORGET YOU ALWAYS IN MY HEART.  YOU WAS A SON , A FRIEND ALWAYS.
MY loving wife that I dearly miss ! All most 27 yrs of happiness and joy Love you BON
Bonnie I dont understand what happen and why the Lord took you so soon I am missing you so much each day when you left this earth you took apart of me with you I love you and you will always be in my heart love your twin sister Connie Ballard
It's been 6 months and no it hasn't got any easier we all miss u so much we know ur in a better place but it doesn't make us hurt any less I watch mom cry alot and I know she's thinking about u always it breaks my heart cuz when u left this earth a part of her left with u   love u always and forever
You were one of the best sons a mother could have ever had. Your smile lit up a room and alot of lives you came into contact with. You were always loving and caring of others. You are missed and Loved daily
he is gone but thought of daily I love u my baby girl
I miss and love you so much I wish you could see your name sake she is 4months now and already bad
My earliest memory of Helga is when I was about 13 or 14 and going to with my family and Helga to visit Anthony at Durham University. We drove up after the ministry one Saturday and Helga assured my dad she knew where we had to go once we had parked the car. Well, we did make it, eventually. Only after we had fought through some shrubbery and walked for what seemed at the time miles along the grassed area at the back of the Halls of Residence with Helga peering through windows on the way!  I can still see her in my mind's eye leading the way with her handbag over her arm saying "it's this way...not far now". Over the years I have spent a lot of time with Helga. We have worked together in the ministry many times as we have been in the same group. She was so faithful. Always out, come rain or shine. She was kind and generous to me too. She once made me some multi coloured pot holders for my kitchen. She felt my grey and white kitchen was too plain! She gave me Burdock root to make in to a tea to help my back aches. Her knowledge of plants and herbs was amazing. She regularly brought chocolate to the meetings for our family and I know ours wasn't the only family she did that for. Only a short while ago she brought us some brambles she had picked. Helga was not shy in voicing her opinion and I have been on the sharp end of her tongue on more than one occasion. But, I always knew where I was with Helga and I liked that.  I shall miss her. Her chuckle, twinkly eyes and above all her faithful example.
Dear old Helga x having spent many journeys down to Brigg with Helga to see the Smith family Robinsons, as a young child all I can remember is her rubbing her painful knee repeatedly, and I mean the whole 2 hour journey there.......and back again! Thinking about this little odd memory of Helga makes me realise that even though In a lot of pain from sitting in the car for such a long time, she still wanted to do it to see her loving family. Putting in the effort she could to see them, despite being in pain.  See you soon Helga x
The pain is as fresh as when you took your last breath, I felt you gently slide out of your body as you brushed my cheek...  Time stopped...  I stopped... I was mad and confused, How could every body just go on about their lives when mine had suffered such a horrible loss, I wanted to scream at everyone whats wrong with you people, don't you know MY JUST DIED.  I didn't think I could stand it, I didn't I walked around with tears always in my eyes ready to spill over without knowing it for 2 1/2 years and still cry at the thought of the loss of you,  I want to tell tell you how much I miss you and want you to know I get it now. You shared your life with a man not easy to share with, Had children who grew to be very different, and you always did your best for each of us, maybe not what they wanted but what they needed.   You suffered some great loses of sons and husband and sisters    OMG your Mother died. I get it the, the deep sadness the pain in your eyes. But a life well lived is one that touches another and you touched many.  And I'm sorry for being a bad kid, but you know what I was just a kid. I Love you always MY MOTHER.
I love you and I miss you
he was the love of my life also he had a very special kitty whose name is Tigger he had 12 wonderful years with Tigger &amp; 25 very wonderful with me honey you are loved &amp; missed the most by me &amp; Tigger also by Curtie &amp; his family as well as your sisters &amp; brother it made me very sad when you passed away it makes me cry almost every time I think or talk about you as I miss you so much it's so hard to believe that you're up there in Heaven with my mom &amp; sisters Nancy &amp; Jean along with rest of our family on both sides along with your parents Honey I miss you so much please watch over me &amp; keep me safe
I love and miss you brother there's not a day minute hour or a river to hold all my tears I've cryed alone and even with are brothers and sister so now your that
ko2013@mail.ru
ko2013@mail.ru
ort
my mom was my rock because of her i get my strength that i need to carry on and be the person she would want me to be
you well forever be in my heart I know you are with jesus looking down on me I well cherish the last time I saw you before god took you to heaven even tho you were weak you told me you were hungry so I fed you some soup and put you to bed and combed your hair and I told you I loved you you said you loved me to I love you so much and we will carry on your legacy
It's been many years....You are missed my friend
Hi Dad, I thought I left a tribute to you when you passed but I guess I didnt click on the send tab....well here I am today Aoril 24!,th 2019 to say HI AND I LOVE YOU....things are well I'm doing ok just fighting being tired and my toes still hurt....mom is alright, looking her age and shes going more blind and deaf I really watch over her, I tend to neglect myself. Rex and I have been married 18 years next thurs 5-2-19 things are well....Rex is ok still trying to loose weight. But otherwise healthy....the dogs are good sarge is what I call a big meatloaf rolly polly. Dakota is slowing down, and Aoril well shes rambunctious and laid out shes a good 14" long but a sweetie....how are you doing! I guess I really should tell you that Eric Senff died last thurs. Unexpectedly. Cheryl his sister called me and mom and I are just floored, were going to try and go to the memorial or funeral which ever they have,  I havnt heard...you take care I love you....give me a sign you know about how were all doing....LOVE YOU!!!!!   ROBYN
So much left unsaid!  My heart hurts wishing for one more day to tell you that I love you, mom.
As the mother of Tony's only daughter, Miranda Lee Hawk, he was a short part of my life but his time in my life was memorable. May heaven keep you safe.
Hey Dad, I miss u like crazy. It's hard not having you here with us anymore. But I know you did your very best to fight to stay here with us. And I just glad that you don't have to be in pain and suffering anymore, and that gives me some comfort knowing that. God has another beautiful Angel. Your were the best Dad ever to me and my brother, and a great husband and PawPaw. We all love and miss you dearly. Hug and kiss my grandparents for me. You will truly be missed and I promise to keep your spirit alive. Until we meet again love u forever and always.                        Your Baby Girl,                  Booty Whook Whook
I just want to let you no that you where one of the greatest men ive had a chance to come across and I am so proud to call you the God Father of my children and to no that you loved them like no other you where irreplaceable in our lives but we see god had his own plan for you and said you to be their God Father fr now so Unk please watch over them and we shall see you again big guy.
Ron, words cannot describe how much I love and miss you.  The last 27 years with you were the best of my life.  You were my husband, best friend, and protector and will forever be the best part of my heart.  Knowing that you're at peace is the greatest comfort for me.  Always and forever - Michelle
Ron will be missed by his friends and family.  He was the sunshine in the lives of everyone who knew him.
I miss you and will always love you, my darling Gloria.
My grandad died in Oldham hospital with a operation failure he was the happiest sweetest man anyone could ever ask for he always had a smile on his face.He was so loving to us all❤️He was a much loved father to Lisa,Sarah,Paul,Brian  and a loving wife to Sheila Smith and a loving grandad to Shelby,shauan,Joshua,Jonny,Jordan
Let there be Light
baby you shined so bright when on earth always hiding your sorrows I just love you to pieces and forever as long as I live I will always remember you never forget you
baby I miss our friendship the love we had for each other and of course our talks that we had...  what about 9 times a day we had conversations it was awesome...  I just pray baby you are flying high and very happy you deserve all the happiness heaven can bring...  love you always jennifer
Combine repeating "IDEAS AND SUGGESTIONS" tasks If you see more then one task talking about the same thing: combine their content into single task. In original task add comment with link to task where you moved content to. Move original tCombine repeating "IDEAS AND SUGGESTIONS" tasks If you see more then one task talking about the same thing: combine their content into single task. In original task add comment with link to task where you moved content to. Move original task to CLOSED list. ask to CLOSED list.
HAPPY 65TH BIRTHDAY IN HEAVEN JOHNNY!! I KNOW YOU ARE REJOICING WITH ALL YOUR LOVED ONES. MISS YOU.
This is such a hard day for me.  I wish you where here with us But God needed you more. Please watch over us and keep us all safe  I love and miss you more than words can say. Until we meet again I love you Forever and always. You was are and always will be my true Love and SOULMATE
Dad u r so very missed today is so hard I wish u was here to celebrate these great grandbabies of urs I know how proud u r of my kids makin their lives better and moving forward from their past NEVER GIVE UP thats what u instilled n me growin up and ive instilled n my kids!! I know ur at peace and watchin over us all but my selfish self wishes u was here but my heart is happy that ur not hurtin anymoreI miss u and love u more than words can say!!
This is a sad time of year. We miss all our loved ones. Please keep a watchful eye over yours. I know you do. You would be so happy to see all the kids. Growing so much. Those great grands are , well PRECIOUS AND ONE ON THE WAY!!. ☺ Until we see you again give our love to all those rejoicing in HEAVEN..❤
We had our differences but always moved on. You are missed. Hope you are loving Heaven. See ya again oneday.
My one and only true Love. My soulmate I will Love you Forever and Always.    I miss you so very much.  RIP MY LOVE
The 1st man I ever loved wholehearted I love u Dad!!
I miss you my angel you were full of love and had a heart of gold you had two beautiful children who will always remember their mommy and you have a family who misses you so much and who will always remember your beautiful smile.RIP BABY GIRL MOMMA MISSES YOU
Dear Bob, Linda and Keith,  I just can't imagine what you are going through.  I owe Kim so much.  She was the voice of reason to my ex-husband when we first separated.  She was so mature for such a young person.  I pray God gives you all the strength to get through this time and that she has found the peace she so deserves.  My hear just hurts for her boys because I know she loved and continues to love them.  I take comfort knowing that where she is, she will be able to watch over both of them.
Keith &amp; all of the Polareks, I am very sorry for your loss.  Know that my thoughts and prayers are with you. - Jim
Wow this is tearing my heart to type this , read this article , everything . Kim you was my KIMMY ! You was my coworker , you was my friend ! I truly am sorry this happened to you . It saddens me more because i walked you to your truck from work on Tuesday just to turn around and you be gone the next day . I told you everyday we worked together you was the best ! &amp; now your gone . You will be missed you sweet sweet lady ♥️ I love you long time Kim . - Dasjah
I have so many wonderful memories with Kimberly. Too many to share here. One of my favorites is us playing on her back porch playing bank teller out of the windows, riding backwards in the station wagon going to the pool in the summer and just playing in the neighborhood. And how could I forget us sharing  a birthday. A more recent memory I have is with my own little girl. She would go right with Kimberly and acted like she had known her forever. She does not do that with people but with Kimberly she did. I know my MawMaw was at those Heavenly Gates waiting for her. I'm praying for you Bob, Linda and Keith and for her boys too.  Love you all.
I remember as kids Kimberly was always following us around.  Our families took trips together. Fun times.  When we found each other on facebook as adults,  she always checked in on me. As I was going through a rough time,  she checked in on me every day.  She was so kind to me during that time. She often checked in on me for the past few years. It always made me smile.  My prayers are with the boys and Keith, Bob, and Linda. Hugs.
Kimberly was my little sister. She was the "perfect child"... as compared to me (the clown and trouble maker) and she knew how to work that to her advantage!!  She was notoriously shy which caused confusion when people learned how spunky she could be. Kimberly was an amazing nurse who earned her stripes in real life as well as an academic setting. I marveled at how she had the energy to maintain a grueling back and forth schedule of caring of her then fiance, Stephen, (who had cystic fibrosis and was at UVA Medical Center in Charlottesville) while she was in the throws of nursing school in Newport News. When she was motivated, nothing could stop her. I drew inspiration from her as did many others. As the years passed, as life does sometimes, it wore her down. From Stephen's premature passing and all of life's ups and downs, she struggled like we all do. Through it all, she loved and cared for her 2 sons, Matthew (13) and Stephen (7). The morning of her passing, I straightened up her room and she had several different notebooks with appointments, grades, notes to herself about their homework, and little photos, taped to the front so she always had a view of their smiling faces. They brought her joy. She brought us all joy. I love and will miss my little sister until I see her again in Heaven. In the meantime, we will carry on as a family using her memory as motivation to keep rolling forward!
There hasn't been a day that went by that I haven't missed you. Until we meet again, I'll never stop loving or missing you.  I love u Mike
It has been a year I miss you so much I know you belong to God and he took you back but I am so glad that he left you here with us for 45Years but still my heart is broken  for your leaving until we meet again I love you so much
We all love and miss you dearly
Missing you so much
Grama will love you for ever.and miss so much about you.you are now my darling Angel.love grama Theresa Smith
So sorry for your loss. Sending hugs and prayers.
Forever in our hearts
To my dear mummy: my head has been in the clouds since I heard about your passing away. It still feels very unreal. The way you would call my name emphatically ‘Molajo’ still resounds in my ears. You would say... Molajo! O o bere mi.... mi o binu. You were  indeed a loving, caring and prayerful woman of God. Simple with a pure heart, always smiling and down to earth, realistic mother. I will miss you dearly. It is well with us all. It is well with the family you left behind.. We give God praise and thanks for your life here on earth. Adieu Mummy Smith
This is from this message is from Shola(nee Ndalugi).  Good nite Aunty Kehinde. May ur soul rest in prefect peace. Amen.  It was a shock to hear about  aunty Kehinde's passing.  May the Lord fill every void left by aunty and may God comfort console and give you all total peace of mind know that aunty has gone to be with her maker. Akinwande, Wole, Seyi and Bukky and the entire family. IT IS WELL WITH YOUR SOULS. Amen Amen and Amen. Aunty will be missed.   Blessings.
Bukky once again accept my condolence on the passing of your Mum.  I thank God for a life well spent.  Aunty may you soul rest in perfect peace.  Yewande
My dear friend, Chief(Mrs) Kehinde Smith.  Your death came to me as a real shock, but the Almighty God who knows the beginning and the end knows it all and why.  I thank God for your care, your love to me and my family here on earth when we needed it most during our time of need. I thank you for your prayers and concerns for my family.  May the Almighty God console us all. Amen Amen and Amen.  May your peaceful soul rest in perfect peace. Amen.  May light perpetual shine on you till we meet on the resurrection  morning.  Chief(Mrs) Grace Ndalugi.
But the saints of the most High shall take the kingdom, and possess the kingdom for ever, even for ever and ever - Daniel 7:18" and   "The memory of the just is blessed - Proverbs 10:7" - A strong woman of God and a mother to all. I remember your love for the lost and helpless. May the Lord give you eternal rest in Jesus mighty name Amen. RIP Sincerely Folake Fadahunsi Olumogba
A loving mother to us all, never missed the opportunity to give thanks for all the Lord is doing and praying for each and every one of us. A very understanding  mother that can always be trusted . In words and indeed you were a true disciple of Christ. May the Lord grant you eternal rest in His bosom. "Ma sun Olufe ko si ma sinmi"
Dear Grandma, Gone too soon.... what a shock to us all to watch you slip away, just like that ! We know how much you loved God and served Him with all your heart. He has taken you from us to rest at His bosom. We loved you so, but know He loves you much more ! Thank you for all your love and care, especially in raising such wonderful children. Thank you for your help in nurturing your lovely grandchildren. Thank you for your selfless service at all times, thank you for everything.... Most of all, thank God for your life ! Grandma, Rest well in the bosom of our Lord, till we all shall meet again to part no more. Amen. E sun re o, Mama rere. Forever loved, forever missed... Yours ever, 'IB' (Peju Famoriyo)
We are  yet to recover from the  shock of the news  of Mama Ikoyi's demise. (as she was fondly called by us).  It has been so difficult to put our words together.We never expected to write this at least  not so soon.  Mummy Kehinde Smith was a loving, caring, generous and wonderful mother to us. Your memory shall remain evergreen in our hearts. You  have fought a good fight, rest in peace in the bosom of our Lord .   You will be greatly  missed. From: Yetunde, Mofoluto  &amp; Mofiyinfoluwa
TRIBUTE TO MY MOTHER:- FROM FUNKE SMITH *TRIBUTE  TO MY MOTHER*  Mama mi, Mama Rere. I  cannot believe that I would not see you again. Though it hurts to know that you are gone from this earth  to the great beyond, God needed another angel in the Heavenly  choir, that is why you had to go.  I am proud to be your daughter, you gave me your best as a mother which includes teaching  me morals and the fear of God. Mummy, you were everything to me in the world. You loved me and cared for me.I can never forget you because  you gave me life, which is more than anything.I will miss you mama mi. May God grant your soul eternal rest. Sun Re o, Abiyamo tooto  *FUNKE SMITH
Sisi Kehinde  How times have flown from the early 1960s when my late mother (Oredola 1926-1968) and your mentor, having found you very worthy, introduced you as a  potential wife to the cousin (Olusoji 1921-2008) of her husband (Oladokun 1922-2011) just returned from Checkoslovakia with a daughter (Olatokunbo) Olusoji was extremely fond of Oredola having played the perfect hostess and good Iyawo for the months before his doctor’s quarter was ready, she was therefore given the mandate by him to seek a virtuous woman cut in her mould. The rest is history. You played your role in the family with humility, love and candour being respectful of the traditional role of a young wife and subsequently a senior wife when your predecessors passed on.  From the onset i was a favourite of yours, not only because of our ibeji fraternity but also being name sakes. Six years age difference and being married to Uncle Soji notwithstanding I was your ‘Oko mi’ from the beginning till the end. Sisi Kehinde rest in peaceful repose at the bosom of Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ From  ‘OKO MI’  (KEHINDE SMITH)
A tribute to a dear mother in Israel with a very large heart - This is what you were to us all, generous, loving, gentle and sweet. You were there for us (Busky's friends) in the college of medicine University of Lagos and we were always looking forward to Bukky coming back from week-end at home because we'll be sure of decent meals. Your godly instructions &amp; advise helped us a lot and the memories are still fresh like yesterday. THANK YOU MUMMY!!! We bless God for your selfless life, always giving your best to the less privileged Oh! God blessed us with you, a pity you've  left but we're comforted by the fact that you finished well &amp; strong. ADIEU mummy till we meet to part no more From Dupe Adeyinka (nee Akeredolu )
Tribute by Elaine  Dear Buki I am writing to you because I want to say some words about your mum and grandmother. She was strong, a good person, faithful to God and passionate about her family, so proud in the best way of you all and why not? She had no problem with excellence and you all gave  that to her. She was my friend and we shared a lot together.  I will miss her. My friend Sister Kehinde had such a lovely sense of humour and she made me laugh often, but never at the expense of others. She was truly a woman of substance and she wasn't born ever to be lost and she is not lost now, she has just gone ahead. A sister safely home.
From Dupe Adeyinka (nee Akeredolu ) A tribute to a dear mother in Israel with a very large heart - This is what you were to us all, generous, loving, gentle and sweet. You were there for us (Bukky's friends) in the college of medicine University of Lagos and we were always looking forward to Bukky coming back from week-end at home because we'll be sure of decent meals. Your Godly instructions &amp; advise helped us a lot and the memories are still fresh like yesterday. THANK YOU MUMMY!!! We bless God for your selfless life, always giving your best to the less privileged. Oh! God blessed us with a rare gem, a pity you've  left but we're comforted by the fact that you finished well &amp; strong. ADIEU mummy till we meet to part no more  From Dupe Adeyinka (nee Akeredolu )
My "Sweetie", I saw you at Hoares Memorial and we chatted briefly and  planned on my spending a weekend with you, though I had not considered that I would travel out shortly.  Oh sweet sister, you were beautiful inside out; easy going, gentle, generous and loving. May your soul rest in peace and may the Lord comfort all your loved ones. A o pade leti  odo!  In Jesus Name! Amen!
*Tribute  to my lovely  twin sister*  When I received the news of your passing , I thought  it  was just a dream. The  sudden  departure of Lady(Chief) kehinde  Smith without saying goodbye is a painful experience that I have to live with.  I am very heart broken but God knows  best.  She was more than a sister to me. I remember  when  we were growing  up, any misunderstanding between us was settled without  a third party, not even  our mother. My twin was a mother- in- Israel. She was  a woman  of faith and very prayerful . She loved God and her family  with  a passion. She was very loving, caring, generous  and has impacted many lives  positively. I will forever cherish the time we spent together. I will miss our talks and her comforting voice. She was remarkable in so many ways.  To say I will miss her is an understatement.   I know she is resting in the bossom of  Almighty  God where we shall meet to part no more. Adieu, Ejire ara isokun  *Taiwo*
Mummy whao! Abiamo toto! You were a mother indeed to your children and their freinds. In university we were sure of good food every weekend when Buki came back to school. You advised us and talked to us with the word of God and i learnt a lot. I couldnt believe my ears cos i saw you last in May 2018 and with your usual smile and love called out Yemisi and whao it was you looking very well, healthy and full of live. It was a beautiful reunion, we gisted as if saw last just a few days ago,never did i know  that will be the last time. Your care was always for the down trodden, the orphans and the motherless. You had a large heart which accommodated  all and most importantly you were absolutely sold out for Christ.  I just know you are resting in Gods bossom. Love you ma! Yemisi
Mama Ikoyi, as you're fondly known by the Ogundibos', you'll be missed.  I remember the days of 30, Oba Akaran. You were very industrious. Is it the hot bread, tie and dye fabrics ( I sold a lot for you and made my first profit). What of the numerous dogs @ home. Then, to Ayato street, Onike Iwaya. Thank you for your prayers and care.  May all that you left behind that is thriving well, continue to get better by day in the mighty name of Jesus, amen.
Grandma, what can I say. Every time I saw you we would always laugh together! You always had a way of making my day better, making me feel immensely loved no matter what I’d done. You have played a huge part in shaping my understanding of God’s love for me. I miss you so much, but I’m so thankful that you know Jesus! Not only have you had a huge impact on my faith, but I know that I can celebrate, knowing that this is not the end for you! I love and miss you, and you will never be forgotten.
Monisola Oloruntoba. Whow mummy Smith ,We spoke to you before you passed nd chatted as if we were sitting next to you. We sent you our girls picture - u wanted to see them.  we haven't seen you in a long time but how can I ever forget you. I met you at the xmas party at your house - Akin, Folabi &amp; Yinka brought me. You said - Ekiti se  o ni agidi o and we all laughed, that was the beginning. Subsequently you went to Jos, made sure Yinka sent me a birthday gift and you personally brought it to Central bank where I was serving- that  plus every time I met you showed how much love you had foŕ these boys / men. You were a wonderful  , loving mum to all ,  you wanted to know what was going on, you cared to detail.  We love you and you will always remain in our hearts. God loves you. E sun re o
The news of your exit came to me as a rude shock! However, I thank God for your life well spent in the service of God and to humanity. Your devotion to God and His work was unparalleled . I came to know you through your Twins Sister in 1998 and since that time, U took me as part of your family by the way you demonstrated the love of God to me. Your concerned about my welfare was paramount in your heart as well as your Twins Sister's heart. You called me 'name sake' for bearing the same name with you as Twins. You came to this and made a significant impact in your world to the glory of God! In fact, you came, you saw and conquered! Keep on resting in the bosom of your Father Who brought you into the world and called you back home at His own appointed time. I will dearly miss you Ma. Kehinde Olajide(Ven)
You took your role as my 'adoptive' mum ever so seriously. You advised, admonished and supported me through many ups and downs. You were gentle but firm and said it exactly as it was, no matter how hard it was to hear. I will miss our Sunday night chats, I will miss your wise words and your prayers, I will miss you ... May your kind and gentle soul rest in peace in the arms of the Lord who you loved and served faithfully to the very end.
Mama rere, though l have not seen her in recent past years, but it was always a great moment with her. You are a mother indeed with a large heart for all. I pray that all you have left behind shall live in peace and favour with God.
Grandma Kehinde Smith, you gone so soon!. We will forever miss your gentle spirit and kind words. Your contagious smile will forever cherished. The Adeyemos love you but your Redeemer loves you most. He has done what is best for you at this time. He has left us to wonder why for which He said we will understand better by and by.  Sleep on till we meet again to part no more.
You will never be forgotten,continue to rest in the bosom of the Lord. May we all have faith in our work with God as you did RIP mummy
Grandma, THANK YOU for everything you did for me. Thank you for always praying for me, and caring so much for me. I will never forget the way you helped me in every aspect of life, and i won't forget anything you've taught me. Because of you i got over my flying fear and had an amazing holiday in Dubai. I'm going to miss calling you to calm me down on things, but I will try to live by your mantras of not worrying and having faith, no matter the problem. You are with me always and forever &lt;3
Mummy thank you for everything you taught me. People say I am very patient, I know for a fact that I inherited this from you. Rest in peace mummy till we meet again xxx
Mummy we started a journey together so many years ago, and I remember the things you taught me and how much you loved me. I promised you Mummy that I would always make you proud of me - I hope I did not let you down? Mummy you taught me everything except how now to live without you! Adieu Mummy and as Mama Zaria used to say to me "ipade wa bi oyin o", amin.
Mumsie, I thank God for your life.
You will always BE
God Bless You Kevin. Love, Mary. XX
href="https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1122239991297380&amp;set=a.103996023121787&amp;type=3&amp;eid=ARBt0xRQrCWkuJDIhzusvAVnpD9IPlh26mRKrbWhu2Y2gKEjfwpT9K6BmhxlO07BcydM_s5BHwf7_7UW" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1122239991297380&amp;set=a.103996023121787&amp;type=3&amp;eid=ARBt0xRQrCWkuJDIhzusvAVnpD9IPlh26mRKrbWhu2Y2gKEjfwpT9K6BmhxlO07BcydM_s5BHwf7_7UW</a>
What can I say about Kevin?? it would take pages, he was loved by everyone, Had the biggest heart of Gold, he had struggles, but, overcame them, and still helped passing Laws to help save lives of heroin addicts, anyone who wanted help, he helped. He also help opening a camp for children who had no where to go, and worked at it,, asking for nothing in return. He has so many many friends and loved ones who are still missing him so much. He was the guy who made everyone laugh, and saved many lives, He was a key speaker at AA, HA, and NA, I drove him 100 miles a day to speak. People just loved him. He was an Angel on Earth, he was tragically murdered by a drunk driver, just after his 25th birthday. His coroner's report, stated he had zero of anything in system at the time of his death. I was personally hit so hard by my son's death. We were so close. He has 3 surviving siblings, Don, Kelly, and Kristin, who were all so close to him as well. But, didn't know him as well as I did. At the time of his death he was trying to pass a new law, to no incarcerate Heroin addicts, rather to have them Mandated into long term DUAL rehabs. I love and miss you so dearly Kevin, my biggest and hardest thing I have ever had to endure. Some of his best friends feel the same way as I do. God Bless you baby, Gone way to soon.
What a rock she was for everyone! Loved camping, family, traveling and laughs; lots of laughs. You are missed as much today as the day you left us. Love you mom. Miss you, miss you every single day.
Gabbi Lou,  As I go through and plan Hope's graduation I am reminded constantly you should be a part of this. I really looked forward to you coming out here this summer and us celebrating with you, as it always should have been. And you two getting your BFF tattoos. I was going through pictures for her party and came across a picture of you and Hope at Toni's as babies. I miss you and am so angry at that person who took you away from your family and friends. You should still be here Gabbi Lou. I looked so forward to both of your futures. I still cant wrap my head around it. You're forever in our hearts.
It's been so hard without you grabs,although your gone, I'm so glad you cant be hurt anymore and you dont have to deal with all the bad things that get thrown at us. I miss you so very much and I wish you were here with all of us. You mean so much to me and you always will,I miss you gabs and your always on my mind!
I miss you, but I know it's okay. Because you are celebrating with us. Watching over us and still being the most wonderful friend anyone could ever ask for.
Hi sissy, I know it's been awhile but I miss you. I'm hurting today. You're gone and it hurts. This morning I reached for my phone to message you and see how you're doing... then it hit me as I pulled up your account..... You're gone. I know it's selfish but why couldnt I  take your place? So you could be with your family. So they wouldn't hurt. So y'all could be happy.  I just miss you so damn much. Your momma misses you the most. She's hurting bad. I don't blame her. If you can, will you put a hand of calm on her today? I hope you're doing ok up there with God and Jesus. Tell them I say hi?
It still doesn’t seem real.....but even so, the holidays are not going to be the same without you. I sincerely hope you know how much we all love you and miss you. We were all truly blessed to have you in our lives for the 17 years and 4 days that you were with us. I think about you every day and every night and I cherish those memories. What a beautiful person you grew up to be, on the inside and the outside. Please know that I will never forget you and you will be in my heart forever. I love you Gabbi and I always will...
I think about you everyday. All of the good memories and your lovely personality, everything that completed you.  Sunflowers flourish in our minds when remembering you, thinking of the mark you left on us.  I miss you, but I know you're at peace.  &lt;3 I'll never forget you.
I've been thinking about you a lot today Gabbi. I miss you so much.
Gabbi was my best friend sense the 7th grade.  She was the greatest person I knew  and I love her so much.  She meant so much to me and she knew everything about me that not a lot of people knew.  A lot of people didn't know I had this "mask " On all the time but gabbi pulled that off and had me show emotion again.  I think of her every day and honestly I still cry again it a lot.  I write to her as much as I can telling her things that are happening.  We were going to concor senior year together as best friends with out boyfriend and because of one thing that was pulled away from her  I loss her a lot and I want her here in my life again I miss hearing her voice with her jokes and telling me everything's going to be okay.  I miss her smile,  God I loved her smile it always brought me joy.  I miss her weirdness that we shared together I miss everything about her...  Fly high gabbi ur not gone.... Ur just going home....  I miss u best friend.   "People cry, not because they're weak...  Because they've been strong for to long"~Johnny Depp I miss u gabbi,  I love gabbi,  and one day I'll see her soon❤
I think about you everyday Gabbi. There are endless things that remind me of the great spirit that was you. Every time I go to the mall, I can hear and see you standing there where we used to send our weekends together. Every time I do my homework I think of trying to type essays while at work but we'd get so deep into conversation about the universe that I wouldn't end up getting anything done. I remember making experimental food that I hated but you just fell in love with it and took it home to share with your family and your boyfriend. So many memories, I'll truly miss you forever Gabbi. Thank you for being who you were. I was truly blessed to be your friend.
Dear gabbi I will love and miss u I loved your hummor and you were a beautiful sole and always will be I remember u were at my house and eating cookies and laughing giving me advice about school u we're one of the greates changes in my life and I will never forget u and and I wish I would have gotten to know u better and the amount of time I got to know u it was the best  rest in peace beautiful  Thank u for being an amazing friend
When you were just a tiny baby I remember seeing you for the first time, I believe I was 7 or 8 and thinking you were so adorable. You, Chrystal, Alexis and I would play at grandma's house and have adventures outside. As you got older you were still adorable that quality never left you. You loved horses and your eyes would light up whenever you saw one. I'll always hold those memories very dear to my heart, it was an honour for me to be your cousin. You are such a sweet girl. I'll always love you.
I remember the first conversation we had,you had texted me saying you wanted to be friends and had seen me around school.After that we talked at least every other day,you even gave me a pair of gauges at one point.I'll never forget the laat conversation we had,or the last time we hugged.I love and miss you so much gabbi,and although you cannot write back,I'll always send you texts to let you know how much i miss you.Rest well beautiful ❣️❣️
I think about you everyday, Gab. I love and miss you. I'll never forget the times we shared or your beautiful eyes enriched with happiness.  Every time I see a flower or an ocean, it reminds me of you.  You're remarkable.  Your memory will forever live on.  Rest in peace, Gabbi.
Remember the first time I met you, You were an infant playing with your toys. You looked at me and smiled. Thought to myself our sister Chrystal has a very unique sister. Years pass by and we got older. I saw you again and you have grown to be a beautiful wise young woman. I thought to myself 'Wow Gabbi is the most purest loving soul I have ever met. I came back to Nevada after we visit you and the family. My perspective has changed to lighter brighter things. I am very grateful to have known you.
I think about you every second of every day. I miss you so much Gabbi! I will forever be proud to be your Mom. You have taught me so much in your time here and I will never forget or stop loving you! Rest easy my sweet child.
God bless you
THIS IS A PLACE WHERE WE CAN WRITE DIFFERENT THINGS ABOUT OUR PATRICK AKA; KIKI WE ALL HAVE STORIES LETS SHARE THEM GUYS.. HE WAS THE BEST PERSON TO HAVE AROUND IF YOU WERE DOWN HE ALWAYS COULD MAKE YOU LAUGH.. I WISH HE COULD MAKE ME LAUGH RIGHT NOW.. MISSING HIM SO SO MUCH.. MY GOD I CAN'T BELIEVE I AM REALLY WRITING ON THIS.. O,M,G, PATRICK !!!!! WTF ?????? WHY ???? YOU HAD YOUR LIFE AHEAD OF YOU I JUST DON'T GET IT...NOR I NEVER WILL.. I MISS YOU SO MUCH PATRICK.. NOT THE SAME WITH OUT YOU, I MISS MY TEX'S FROM YOU..
I miss you so much my brother you was my strength I love you unconditionally
My brother was the one who kept things together and survied no matter his surroundings. He was loyal to his family no matter what life threw at him as a Marine he served his country as a husband he was faithful to his wife as father he raised his kids with hope they would grow up respectfully to care on what he had taught them. My brother was a one of a kind he drawed pictures of art with compassion he wrote in elegance. He also worked hard in life always doing things with his hands he had a nack for fixing things and making it work when others would give up. There was much Garland didn't do he was a all around person everybody loved and adored . I'm so proud he came to know Jesus for I know I'll see him again someday as he is rejoicing with the Lord he is with family that has gone before him having one heavenly time waiting for others to show who makes it to heaven after this life. My brother will be missed here on earth. But not forgotten what he was like here on earth. I love you bubba and I'll never forget you as long as I live I will see you again in that sweet by-and-by. Tell the family that made it I love and miss them also and to let God know personally face to face that I'm graciously waiting to see him face to face knowing he sent his son Jesus Christ to save us from sin.
Sister your deeply missed every day , you are such a wonderful strong woman ...
17 years of marriage to Bob was a love I'll never forget , I will always love you Bob , even though we ended up going our separate ways in 2000 ~ I miss " US ' !!
Happy Birthday missing you today and always.
May my memories sustain me until we meet again,,Semper Fi
You brought me such happiness our love will last until we meet again.  You remain my Hero Semper Fidelis
MISS YOU SO-SO MUCH.
I never got the pleasure of meeting you Dana, but your Momma has told me many stories and memories. So in a way l feel that l do know you through your Momma. She lights up when she talks about you. Then there are times she can't hold her years back. The pain never goes away but the happy memories sometimes over shadow the pain of losing a child. If that's at all possible. X's O's l'm sending to heaven. Dana give one to my son Charlie he is with you now❤
ove you sweet Dana Smith, you was was sure a precious one. Your dad thought you was it. The last days of his life you was on his mind again. I know you two are together.  Love forever. RIP Sweet DAna
Dick, I really didn't know you but from what I hear from other people you were one heck of guy.
Dick it has been awhile since you left us.  I think about you often. We had many fun time camping and boating. Really miss your stories and the kids miss you too. You had a way of making us feel special by your attention to detail♥️
Missing u  moor every day mam xx
Today marks the 8 mo since you left. I still don't know why but my heart breaks everyday. I miss you so much and just wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice.  Until we meet again I love you
y a flowers
ove and miss you so much momma &lt;3
Dearest Ron - You will never know how much you are missed.   I  never get invited for breakfast or lunch on the spur of the moment - how I miss that!   I think of you so often and the way you would just pop up with or without a phone call to make sure I had no plans.  It always made me happy to know that you cared!
Ron, You will be forever missed.  But your words and actions will be forever remembered.  You were a giver and not a taker.  Always putting the needs of others ahead of yourself.  You persuaded and helped me start my own business.  You were more stoked to open shop than I was.  You did this from the goodness of your heart.  You helped me financially set up trusts and annuities for my family, and life insurance (you said I was superman after the blood test). You introduced me to your two sisters who trusted me to help them with their real estate needs.  And I helped you with your deals as well.  You always smiled, were never angry, and we joked around a lot.  We were both jokers so that worked well.  You introduced me to Glengarry Glen Ross and I introduced you to Austin Powers (you complete me).  You told me to "never eat at a restaurant with plastic cups" and "never to kiss a girl over 30."  You said clients I didn't maintain contact with were "orphans."  These are all words of wisdom I think about occasionally.  And then there was all the car talk and Togo's sandwiches.  I am a better person because I knew you.  I will take a piece of you with me in life going forward.  And, I will share the wisdom I learned from you with others.   Rest in Peace.
Ron - even though I haven't seen you in 40 years, and life has taken us down different roads, I feel like I still know you.  The memories of our late teenage years are very vivid in my mind.  The most prominent and by the far the most special was your smile.....  you always smiled.....   I know we were young then and didn't have a care in the world, but that wasn't the reason for your smile....  you were happy and you were proud to show it.    (I thought I had an old picture, but I could find it - I can see it in my mind though - and it's awesome!) You were a big part of our family for a long time...  a big brother to me - funny and goofy - kind, genuine and sincere.  You had to bear the wrath of my Dad.... who thought long haired guys who drove loud cars were not good for his daughter....  You and my husband Jim shared that love for cars, long hair..... and the wrath ofmy Dad!  lol - no one is every good enough for a Dad's daughter!    You were my sister's first love...  and first loves forever hold a very special place in our heart.  That didn't go unnoticed - or EVER forgotten.  I'm so glad to have known you - although not nearly long enough.    Godspeed Ron - may you rest in peace always.   Until we meet again..... . Everyone leaves footprints in your memory, but the ones who leave footprints in your heart, are the ones you will truly never forget.....   With all our love - for old times sake.  &lt;3 Karen (Werner) and Jim D'Annibale
Ron, you will be sorely missed.  Indeed, you already are.  This is to express my sincere sympathy to your family (your mom, Lorraine; your sisters, Shel and Sandy; your brothers, Jeff and Rick). It's also to express my own deep sense of loss.
I am at such a loss for words! I have known Ron for 30 years, most of them as my insurance broker.  He would come in and we would do business for 15 min and talk and laugh for 30 more. He was my biggest supporter of a recent decision re my business. I will miss you but know you will always be there for me!
ove you forever and missing you loads always thinking of you the best mum and nanny in the world
Dearest Uncle Paul,  Many fond memories from 111 North Rd.  You taught me how to play darts ... you also taught me how aim wi a catapult!  You always made everyone laugh wi your wicked sense of humour and cheeky wink.  The way you looked after Nanna or should I say 'Cat' was just the best.  You always used to point to your cheek to me and Our Kid for a kiss as you were leaving Nanna's too,  you even did that to me last time I saw you and Im in my forties now! .. You were loved and respected Uncle Paul.  Rest In Peace now.   Love you x  Louise xx
It’s 4 weeks today since you left me.i still can’t believe I will never be able to hold you  , or see you ever again. You were such a big part of my life for so long. I can’t imagine life without you. Love you and miss you more with every day that passes.sending lots of hugs and kisses to you . xxxxxx
Little did we know that morn. What pain the day would bring. You closed your eyes and slipped away. And never said a thing. Even though I wasn’t by your bedside.  I wasn’t far away.  But you were never left alone. You had your boy, your pride and joy. He sat by you and held your hand. And told you how much we all love you so. But now it’s time to sleep, and it’s time to go. I wish I hadn’t left you, I wish that I had stayed. I know you didn’t want that, you waited for me to go. You didn’t want me to see you in pain, Because I love you so. I will always love and miss you. Till we meet again my angel. Xxxxx
Wot I would give to hold ur hand, To see ur happy face, To hear ur voice &amp; see ur smile, That ment so much to me. Nothing can ever take away the  Love my hart holds for u. The memories I hv of my dear granny Lizzie xxxx
Fly high baby boy we love and will miss you’d dearly we’ll never forget youd ??
Love and miss you mom
RIP my friend!
May the God of all comfort soothe your hearts and bring you peace. May He hear your prayers and guard your hearts. Psalms 145:19.
See Ya on the Other Side Mister. Miss you
Here's something small that I hope is a big help. Your dear loved will be once again alive here on Earth this time to live forever. (Acts 24:15; Ps 37:11,29) More comfort you and the family can get is by emailing me at wanttohelponesthataresad@gmail.com
My thoughts and prayers are with the family at this time.                                  Sharon Dean Yancey
My condolences to the family and friends of Donta. Losing a loved one is never easy,but our loving God promises to give you the strength and courage you need to endure and cope with your loss.  He also promises to hold your hand every step of the way.  Isaiah 41:13
Happy heavenly birthday Ed, love you!
To the love of my life, forever!
It’s hard to believe that February 12,2018 marked 7 years you’ve been gone. It seems so unreal. I talk to your ashes sometimes but not in a sad way but in a good way. Like we use to talk when you were here  I miss ya ole man. Rip.
I will live on with your memories momma..  I miss you so much. Oh what I would give, If only I could hug you and tell you how much I love you one more time Momma OXOX
From Phil Price, North Carolina: I enjoyed my limited chats with him dating back to '92 or so when Allene was still at the Reynolds Place home by Beaver Dam Lake. Had time allowed that we'd have explored many topics over whisky. I do think he'd be disappointed to see Scotch misspelled on his obit as whiskey though. Best to John and your two offspring. At least they had a one-of-a-kind uncle. No one boring ever came out of that household, nor the one you and John created.  P
Pulled from  a transcript of "John's"  farewell to the group at Mayo, as he paid tribute to Ed and Stefan: To Ed: I can't place value on our relationship over the last years. I have secretly been sponging up the broad knowledge which you have demonstrated to me, and from it have become more informed of the science we share. Funny to be a student and an "uncle" at the same time, but as the Mayo boys state here and there on the campus, once one has committed to our profession, we will always be students. Your knowledge is just part of what you have favored me with.You are a true friend of the best sort, and I will hold on to your friendship forever. And finally, you are a wit with few peers. I will miss board meetings and the attendant bandy, but will try to catch a few to keep me smiling through that day. Thank you Ed.
Ed was a kind and considerate guy!  He always made me feel valuable and appreciated.  He was a super fun guy - we had fun whatever we did.  He introduced me to sushi - which I still love today.  I will miss his clever remarks and thoughtfulness.  The world is a little darker without him.
Please take a moment to RSVP for Ed' Celebration of Life Party.  <a href="https://www.signupgenius.com/go/10c0d44aead2eabfb6-celebration" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">https://www.signupgenius.com/go/10c0d44aead2eabfb6-celebration</a>
I will so miss the good humor, the chuckle and oh, those wonderful playful ties,   but most of all,  the person he was
This life of ours To what shall I compare it? 'Ere I can say it is like A lightning bolt, or a drop of dew, It is no more...." I was shocked to hear that Ed has passed.  I first met Ed in the early 1990’s when he was working at AT Biochem and I was on staff at NIH.  Ever since we had kept in touch as collaborators and staunch friends along our winding career and life paths.  His commitment to the highest standards of science never got in the way of his good humour and sense of the absurd.  Working with him was always a delight, even more so knocking back a beer or two over wide-ranging discussions of everything under the sun.  Undoubtedly he leaves a big hole at the Mayo Clinic.  And an even bigger one in all our hearts….
I have known Ed for 25+ years.   Simply put, I adored him and will miss him.
I have known Ed for over 10 years, at first seeing him once or twice a year at molecular genetics meetings, and later collaborating and serving on committees with him.  Seeing him always brightened my day, and I looked forward to sharing anecdotes and having a laugh or two. Ed had a great sense of humor and great enthusiasm for life and work.  He is one of the few people I have met whose love for his work was infectious and inspiring.  I am most thankful for how he always reminded me of what I love about our field – it’s all about the science!  We also shared a love of North Carolina, especially the mountains where he was from.  He often mentioned that working at UNC was so fun he couldn’t believe they paid him for it.  He was a unique individual and force of nature.  I will miss seeing him very much.
I am still in shock and it will take time to accept that Ed will not be there...
Maybe it was because he was so humble and sweet, but every time I talked to Ed, I would give him some kind of compliment (that was well-deserved). "Ed, how is it even possible that you are this smart AND this funny?"  "Ed, how the heck do you know all of this stuff,  you are like a walking encyclopedia."  "Ed, your brain is the 8th wonder of the world." "Ed, you should write a book, you will be depriving the human race of your knowledge and humor if you don't."  He would always laugh at me and say, "Awe Shucks" or "Oh stop, you are making me blush."
Whenever I worked on projects with Ed, I was always extra motivated to come up with 'cool' ideas so I might be given “fonzie points” by him. These were not given out easily.  If you got fonzie points, you “done good.”
I've worked with Ed indirectly for 10 years, but more recently started working more directly with him on a test for a very complicated and dreaded gene, CYP21A2. Ed was one of the rare individuals brave enough to tackle this complex test, and he did it brilliantly, of course. We recently had a case together with a genotype he had not seen before and he said in an email "I had not seen a homozyg 30 kb deletion before – so I was all like wha….!". I laughed out loud at his message. It is these types of interactions that make one's day a little more fun, and I will miss Ed for this aspect of his personality. Such a loss for our Mayo colleagues.
I never met Ed personally, but his ties always brought a smile to my face and made me happy.  I'm so sorry for his passing.
I remember lots of long, interesting and insightful conversations with Ed (including both during AND after fellowship).  It is clear that education was a way of life for him, and that he continued to view former fellows as both his charges and colleagues.  It was a privilege to know him and learn from him.  The world is a little poorer now without him, but we are blessed by the impact of his presence.  The santa tie pic is now on my desktop BTW - thanks Jennifer Winters!
Ed is such an unique character who is hard to forget. Without many words, Ed is a very thorough, thoughtful, and encouraging mentor, who can be very funny sometimes! I am always in debt to Ed for accepting me into the competitive ABMGG clinical fellowship, which changed my career and life to a much exciting direction, and for his forwarding me the job ad. about a position at ARUP Laboratories where I have been happily working for near 3 years. I remember what Ed told me on the very first day of fellowship that “no matter who you were before, be humble and learn from everyone even they are technicians without those advanced degrees you have...”. That mindset sounded a little cold at the beginning but is extremely valuable that I have carried it throughout fellowship to now, which allows me to consider each person around is a potential teacher who can teach me something I don’t know. I am passing it to my current trainees. Dear Dr. Highsmith, you will be deeply missed, together with all the memories, e.g., your CF lectures, weekly reviews of Thomson Thomson text book for preparing me for the board exam, annual Molgen lab mammal roasting party in your house, and your wisdom and humors. Rest in peace, Ed... :(
Although, I didn’t know him very well my fondest memories were those obtained in the cafeteria.  Now imagine how loud the cafeteria can be on a busy lunch hour.  Amongst all the noise, Dr. Highsmith’s voice and laughter could easily be distinguished.  Looking in that direction you would find a full table of his colleagues laughing. Not just any laughing but the laughing so hard tears would be flowing from their eyes and issues of catching their breath would be discovered.  I would often wonder what he had said to get such a response and wonder if they would notice me pulling up a seat. Laughter is something we don’t see as often as we should and I am so happy that he could enlighten us even if we weren’t close enough to hear the details. These experiences would make my day. The laughter that surrounds you will be missed as will the great man who extracted it.
Oh Ed, we will all miss you so much! Kind, brilliant and so dryly hilarious! You are truly irreplaceable.
I remember Ed for his gentle approach and distinct voice. Glad that our paths crossed in AMP committees and meetings. He will missed!
I will miss Ed Highsmith. In his passing, the genetics and diagnostics community has lost a good friend, mentor, colleague, and a solid professional. I attended his job interview lecture at the Mayo Clinic, back when i was a fellow. He was liked by all. I remember training with him as a fellow on all aspects of being a genetics professional. He had a great sense of humor and we will miss his large heart, warm and gentle personality. I owe a lot to him. His loss adds to the list of glowing professionals such as Karen Snow Bailey, who made a big difference in the field as leading edge molecular diagnosticians of their time at the Mayo Clinic. May his soul rest in peace in its heavenly abode. Take care, Ed.....Simhan
RIP Ed. He was such a wonderful delightful person . Always a pleasure to be around. Full of ideas and laughter .. His signature qs when ever I approached his office "what can you do for me ??" He will always be remembered. Now its time for the people in heaven to laugh loud and have fun now that he is there.
I knew Ed when he was a post-doc, which was, of course, a long time ago.  He and a colleague used to try and shock me daily with their perverted stories.  I think back and giggle when I remember this.  Ed taught me a lot about molecular diagnostics, even though it was not really his job and he hardly had the time.  Ed was a sweet and brilliant person, and the world lost something with his passing.  God speed Ed!
Matt i miss u so much. I know u weren't my son but u and Josh were so close in age u felt like my son too. I checknon ur mom every other day or so. She misses u so much. Love u always, Aunt Rhonda.
Matty....     Not a day goes by that I don't think about you. Being able to grow up with you and share so many special moments with you means so much to me. We miss you so much! You are and will always be my brother and I truly hope you found the peace that you needed. Josh and I miss you so much... you were such an amazing son, friend, brother, and father. I love you Matt
Matt,   I think of you often. What an amazing and beautiful man you were. I know you are shining bright in heaven. I will never forget you.
Light a candle for my Dad's Birthday May 13th in his memory...I love and miss him so much every day....
I love and miss you dearly brother ROY Ray Smith RIP you where a great brother to me and everyone else who knew you now go rest high in heaven and you shine bright brother you earned those wing's
Leda, The last time we seen each other was at Ross department store. We hadn’t seen each other in a couple of yrs . You said HEY GIRL Teresa come here ( in that unique voice)and we gave each other the biggest loving hug! We were laughing, reminiscing and you were looking foreword to the upcoming Stevie Nicks concert!  My dear friend that hug will stay with me forever as well as the memories of our friendship. Rest In Peace  I LOVE YOU!
I will always carry so many memories of you. They are mine to cherish until I join you and we make new ones. I believe that love is what holds us together in life and death. I am one of many to share this journey on earth with you and our strong love means we will share in the spiritual journey as well. You are loved and remembered by so many people who's lives you have touched with your welcoming smile,  your warm heart, and just being you my sweet sister with your carefree spirit and contagious laugh! Through love, Through friendship, a heart lives more than one life!  Stay close!      All my Love, Carol
Leda I will always remember you  love always V

Today is my brother’s birthday. He would have been 66 years old. Family dinners were always a big part of our lives growing up, especially birthdays. We could pick our favorite food for dinner. Rod loved lobster and when we lived on Long Island, my mom would cook them fresh in a pot, or bbq or broil them stuffed with breadcrumbs. No matter what we chose for our meal we always had the same cake-every year for as long as I can remember. Angel Food with strawberries and whipped cream. We love you Rod and miss you every single day. Happy Birthday! Love, your sister Terri
I met Rod and Dana when my roommate Victoria and I shared a crazy Victorian house on California Street with them. I was a young dancer with San Francisco Ballet and was often challenged by figuring out how to make dinner for myself. More often than not, I would find myself knocking on their door and fakely asking if they needed anything from the grocery store which would inevitably lead to Rod inviting me to eat with them. The meals were always totally original and incredibly delicious - and there was always a wine lesson to go with it. I truly believe I might have starved if I hadn't known them. And I know that I learned what it meant to love life through food and wine. My palette was born in their basement apartment. I also spent many a free day going on some sort of invented adventure with Rod. Sometimes it was a $5 shopping trip in China Town that would end at the LI Po Lounge drinking martinis or a trip to look for some exotic ingredient for a new recipe. On one extraordinarily beautiful day we  went hiking on Tomales point and just as we rounded a corner and caught sight of the open ocean Rod said, "This is the kind of day you would see a whale." As if on cue a magnificent blue whale breached right in front of us - the spray of water sparkling all around him. That is a gift he gave me that I will be eternally grateful for.  My heart goes out to all who loved him.
TIME MACHINE A portrait of Rod Smith, March 23, 1998, during the project, Stags' Leap: Portrait of a Community in which Rod served as writer-in-residence and I served as poet-in-residence... The restaurant, Terra, is unmemorable as in the sense of immemorial. Since time immemorial it has been there perched in the left hand of the city of the Christian saint, Helena, and as long as you sit, your sense of time vanishes utterly. Watches melt off the wrists of the wait staff. They have even gone to the sly extreme of making the antiquity of the walls look like a contemporary effect: like faux-faux, as if this were a casual and recent establishment. But don’t let it fool you. Dinner here will evolve into conversations which provide intersections at which you can linger deep into the night with the Jupiter probe, and the memories of your first love affair. Your own thoughts and ideas  will arrive like so many dishes skillfully tailored, and you will unabashedly share that indelicate greed of the moment of cinnamon and the raw flesh of fishes tenderly bedded down  over lettuce. And across the table, in this meal which lasts your whole lifetime, sits Rod Smith, dressed in his black Italian suit, relaxing his vigilance, alerting the menu to his presence and his every appetite,  and what a meal becomes when Rod wields the wine list is something I will whisper to my grandchildren. Rod, I will tell  them, he was the priest of wine, for surely there is such a priesthood for those who take vows of sensuality and apply careful thought like a spritz of lemon  to the smoke rising off the grill. And as he lifts the glass to his lips I feel a sensation in my own gullet and realize that this is the Vicarious Supper Club and in the medium of wine we can learn more by watching than we ever could again by tasting and so, we sit in a bouquet of time fragrant with grape harvests long past, and by the time dessert arrives, chaperoned by port and a distillation of coffee beans, we have no need ever again to be afraid of our hungers.
Rod was with Dana when I knew him. When I first met him, I was blown away that wine could mean so many things, but when he probed me to try and describe the tastes, I started to understand his detail and truthful imagination in the descriptions. As I was transitioning in careers, I moved in with my then boyfriend and Rod came to my home to help me pack my boxes. When we got to Mark's (the boyfriend) place, I must have looked quite pale and unprepared for this step, and he saw that. He pulled me aside and said he could move me out as easily as he could move me in. He was reassuring, handsome and unique. I loved him through Dana and my new-found love for wine and all it could be. Sadness fills my heart for his family, his children, and for having a torment that possessed him and led him to leave us all.
Rod and I met in college and spent some time together in San Francisco in the late ‘70s. His writing career was just a dream at that point and I was happy to discover, when we reconnected some 30 years later, that he achieved some great measure of success, was married and had two wonderful kids. And now this – a death far too young and far too soon. I am sorry we never reconnected in person in recent years, but am grateful we were in touch. I mourn his passing, and the passing of the adventures we shared when we were young and the world was young.  All the best to those who loved him.
From Joshua Greene, Wine &amp; Spirits Magazine This remembrance was published in the magazine on May 7, 2018 Rod Smith, longtime writer-at-large for Wine &amp; Spirits Magazine, died on May 3, 2018. He was 65 years old. Smith was one of seminal writers on North Coast wine as it transformed from a small cottage industry into the contemporary powerhouse it represents today.  He contributed stories to the San Francisco Chronicle, Los Angeles Times and a number of magazines, including articles on sailing, travel and surfing. He also published two books. One was an extensive historical research project on Beaulieu Vineyard, titled Private Reserve. The other focused on his interest in wines from distinctive places, titled The Art of Terroir: A Portrait of California Vineyards. One of the original contributors to Wine &amp; Spirits Magazine in the early 1980s, Smith wrote a humor column as well as essays on wine. Over the next two decades, he developed as one of the foremost writers exploring terroir, particularly in the Napa Valley and Sonoma County. Smith continued to write for the magazine regularly until 2006, when he left active wine writing to focus on raising a family with his wife, Catherine Bartolomei, and raising pinot noir vines on their ranch in Forestville. During his years as a wine writer, Smith’s distinctive voice and the concision of his prose allowed him to express an emotional connection to wines and the places where they grew. His essays were based on extensive research, rigorous argument and the kind of disciplined use of language that made the concept of terroir accessible to a wide audience. On a personal note, Rod remained a close friend for many years. In 1999, we worked together on a project that introduced me to the far coast of Sonoma, a region he already knew well. We visited the developing vineyards at Flowers and Hirsch; Rod wrote the text; I took the photos. His story, “Purple Gold Rush” (W&amp;S August 1999), remains a foundational essay on what has become one of California’s most important fine wine regions. The story earned the James Beard Award for magazine writing on wine in 2000. During those research trips, we would often stop at Hog Island Oyster Farm and pick up dozens of oysters, icing them down for the drive to San Francisco’s California Street, where Rod lived with his first wife, the artist Dana DeKalb. Dana would make duck fat fries while we shucked the oysters, and we’d down them all with Pierre Peters Champagne. Later, after Rod remarried and settled at the Bartolomei Ranch, he became interested in planting the hillside behind the house and took on the vineyard project, while his wife, Catherine, ran the Farmhouse Inn. Rod and I hiked the vineyard many times in those first years of its planting, checking on vines on the way toward a forest path that led to a high meadow, one of his favorite places on the property. Rod developed a connection to the place, as he did in so many of the powerful spots where wine or redwoods grow on the North Coast. It’s where he raised his two children, Helen and Rocco, and where he spent his last days. A memorial service for Rod Smith was held on May 9, at St. Paul’s Episcopal Church in Healdsburg.
Wine and travel mavens knew Rod Smith for his revelatory magazine writing, which sifted history, landscape and viticulture into something fresh and new.        I knew him as a friend, and a kind of hero, starting in my first year of college. Only slightly older in years, Rod was supremely advanced in swagger. As a virginal freshman, sprung from a tribe of the befuddled and fearful, I flew like a moth to Rod’s adventurous flame.         Its glow shed not just courage, but enlightenment. It guided Rod and me to psychedelic encounters with spirit gods in the desert. It illuminated the Raymond Chandler and Herman Melville passages we read aloud in Rod’s Southern California shack, listening to weird music and talking about the writers we would be.        Setting this down now in my 60s, I wince at a certain portentous tone. But how else to convey Rod’s power to make life epic? The enemy was numb American complacency — the “air-conditioned nightmare,” in Henry Miller’s words. Rod’s way out was to drink $50 wine in his dusty shack.       (No one could leap high and low like Rodric Mar Smith. Greasy chow fun in an ancient curtained Chinatown booth for lunch; dinner at French Laundry).      Rod revered America — an un-air-conditioned, throwback America populated by the gamblers, rum runners, train-hoppers and cowboys in Grateful Dead songs.        It was at a Dead concert, by the way, where Rod saved my ass. There we were by the Winterland stage, nineteen-seventy-something, swaying to a symphonic “Terrapin,” when the soundwaves and crowd-heat — among other things — short-circuited my head. When I came to on the floor, Rod had elbowed out breathing space from the writhing crowd and was fanning me with his shirt. I felt safe.       Safe under Rod’s wing. As years unfolded and I moved up to the Northwest, I still bought tickets to the Dead when they were nearby; Rod followed them across America and got in backstage. Whatever scene it was, Rod did it bigger and bolder. I did a little boating around Puget Sound; Rod sailed the Pacific. I covered crime and business for a newspaper; Rod roamed the world reinventing wine writing, and never punched a clock.      What did Rod even see in a klutz like me? Anything beyond his devoted reflection?  And yet there he was, the most dapper wedding guest toasting my bride, before he later nursed my wounded heart after her untimely death.          There he still was, meeting up to retrace battle trenches in France and Jack London’s footsteps in California. These, of course, were Rod’s passions. He steered the boat.      Truth be told, always being epic gets tiresome, maybe even tyrannical. (Rod once pronounced, in all seriousness, that he could never live in an American League city because of its insipid Designated Hitter rule; I lived in an American League city).       And so, around the turn of the millennium, I came to see that if I ever were to to find my own way, I needed more distance from Rod’s blinding flame. It wasn’t anything that was announced. Neither of us ¬— preoccupied with new wives, homes and gigs — necessarily intended to let our foundational friendship fade. We just did.       I hadn’t seen Rod in almost 20 years when I heard that he had died. How many times had I thought about trying to reconnect? To thank him for all he had taught me, for the bravado that he had lent to my meager store. And to explain that it wasn’t HIS fault I had picked the part of Robin to his Batman, until I couldn’t play it anymore. That was on me.          I didn’t know that the door was closing.  (Another lesson from Rod: Don’t wait around for shit.)      I did not witness — or at least notice — the despair that I now know haunted Rod. What I’ve heard about his death angers and saddens me.       Now I have a choice: Wallow in regret over not picking up the phone? Seethe in anger that he didn’t give me the chance? Seek out new heroes to worship?       For this moment, at least, I just choose to be grateful for knowing Rod when I needed a friend and a hero, and when I think he needed me.
I LOVE YOU MAMA!  I HURT SO MUCH FROM STIL MISSING YOU!  THERES SO MUCH I WISH I COULD TELL YOU
Test in peace
Thdivkdk
Fkfkxkx
my mother was my best friend we didn't always get along but we got through our problems, i'm always still in shock that's she actually gone.  shes in a better place now, for some reason i could tell she was in pain but never wanted to talk about it but i just was there as much as i could, me my brother and my sister was her world. people would always say your mother talks about you all the time and stuff and it just made us all happy and i was so happy to have a mother that cared so much for me and my siblings and i love her so much and miss her so much thank you mom so much for everything.

This candle is for my sunshine
So its been almost a year, and did not know in this last week a year ago how much time we had with you as we had never been through anything like this before.  Watching your body slowly shut down is the worst part of Life anyone can experience though we all face it sooner or later, we also are thankful the good Lord gave us that (almost) year with you.  I look at this time as a time to reflect the memories that we did share, the good and the bad, my tears still flow at times, but I also feel at times you are with me dancing and laughing and still making me smile.  I promised we would stay strong and that's what we are doing, I'm learning to make it on my own, but still tough at times in many ways, but I know if you did it so can I. I will always keep you a part of my life and know I will see you again in heaven. With a Love that not to many understand or ever experience I'm thankful that Jesus showed me through you what Love truly means. Peaches, Shelia
Wow how time goes so fast, and it still seems weird that you are not here, but you are in our hearts always, we miss you dearly but we promised we would be ok, so that is what we are and we are continuing on our journey here on earth the best we can without you here. But we both think of you often and feel times that you are with us still, I see your smile and know you are ok too, we still use the symbol to each other and think of you. Peaches my Steven with all our Love and knowing your are rejoicing with Jesus and watching over us too.
Its hard to believe you have been gone for almost 6 months, I think of you always and think of how you are so happy in our fathers arms and rejoicing in happiness and no more sorrow or pain, I'm happy for you, its still tough for me, but what gets me through is knowing you are happy, the hard part is not being able to touch you are just talk to you.  I'm think of the day that you left us, and just seeing how peaceful you went makes it easier, its all because we have such a loving father in Heaven.  All of the children are doing great.  Just a note to say how much I miss you. With all my heart, Shelia
Its your birthday month and I cant believe how fast that year went when we were celebrating your last birthday, and how emotional you were, and happy too that we were there, I know you loved your birthday cards and always wanted to know how much you were loved when we signed the card. Well you are loved and always will be, Love you so much and still feel so blessed how God gave us our family to spend together in your last year. Always in my heart Steven, I will find the most beautiful roses for the house for you :)
I bought you roses for Fathers Day, they bloomed so beautifully, I know we never missed showing each other our love on Mothers and Fathers Day, Birthdays etc for 25 years, and now it is 3 months since you left us, but it seems like yesterday, the hurt and tears have not stopped but I know I told you I would be ok, and I will be, you taught be how to be strong, and I keep praying for comfort and know Jesus is right here with me as he was with you.  Love you always Steven through it all, but deeply miss you.
I miss you so much and Love you forever, but I'm thankful I know I will see you again in heaven, you were such a loving person and I miss your touch, I will always cherish our time and memories and you will never be forgotten.
Your light will always shine, thank you for loving us RIP MY DEAREST STEVEN
I wish you was here momma I need you some much
I love you trudy. I wish you was here cause you was moms best friend and i know she misses you so much. You loved your kids more than anything on this earth. Love you trudy and miss you. You was a great woman.
Never forget.  From the cradle to the grave.  We miss you baby girl . From mom and your three babies.  Tommy,  Dixie,  Preston.
Not one day goes by that I don't miss you. I still love you as though you were still here. Your forever in my heart and my soul. Love you.
I just love him so much and I miss him a lot its hard on me everyday
My mom was a very special person who would help you out if you needed her. She was always there for me when I needed her the most..
This page is dedicated to my father in law, he was always been there for me when I needed him. He truly was like a father to me and will be greatly missed. Rest in peace Tommy. Lots of love, Mandy x x &lt;3 &lt;3
This is a little message for you uncle tommy. Iam truly shocked that this has happened!
To my funny, handsome son, My heart will forever be broken
I miss you so very much dad
Merry Christmas Dad
I miss you so much dad.
Miss you Happy birthday in heaven , I understand now brother.
Miss you continue to rest
Brother I miss you so much ,you will forever be in my heart
Rest in Peace you are missed by all
I love you.  Now and Forever.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JO JO! ENJOY YOUR DAY AS ALWAYS MUCH LOVE MISS YOU VERY MUCH! KEEP PAPPAW STRAIGHT! LOVE U N MISS U MORE  N MORE
Has we close our eyes and say a prayer for you,  always remember our hearts belong to you.  Has we light a candle, lay a flower or leave a note lets share some memories of Jason Paul Smith a wonderful friend, partner, father, and inspritual leader...You are and always be my rock, the other half of my heart.
Mom we love u so very very much And we miss u every single day Life just hasnt been the same without u Your love and caring ways dont go a day unnoticed I love you mom Til we meet again Patty
You were my joy my everything I miss you more than words can express I will always love you you are a part of my heart I know you are in the arms of God when you told me you were going home I new may you rest in peace Mom no day goes by with out me  to thinking of you forever gone but not forgotten
I loved you through it all and still love you I miss you so much I cry myself to sleep sometime.  I love now and forever .
Robin was an only child she had a half step sister does she love dearly. She had two sons Christopher Schmitt and Ryan Schmitt. She had a daughter law Sarah Schmitt. She loved her animals she had two dogs to cats. She was loved dearly by her mom and dad.
I will never for get you .I love you and one will see you again one day.
It’s been a Decade now and my heart still hurts I love and miss you so much
Jason, I’m so sorry for your loss... I know this will be hard but you know your mama thought the world of her babies and family... She was so proud of you and I know she will be looking down from Heaven and smiling at how you are being such a good Daddy, and Husband... I love you Sweetie... Stay strong... you know she would want that... Prayers for the Family for Comfort and Peace in Your Hearts
Jason so sorry for your loss.  Thoughts and prayers for you and your family. May God give you the strength through this time of your life. Hold on to his words of comfort.
I didn’t know Jessie or your family but wanted to share some words of encouragement.  It’s never easy to lose our loved ones in death.  It’s no wonder that 1 Corinthians 15:26 calls death the last enemy.  It also shows God will bring death to nothing in the near future.  Until that time deep sympathy-Julia
Shortie was such a special lady and always enjoyed her laughter and the mind of a steal trap.  My heart goes out to her family and the friends that knew her.  May each of you be comforted is my prayer.  May the Lord hold you each in his loving arms the guide you through this most difficult time.  With lots of love from the Heart.
Ruth worked in our GeorgiaCares Program; she was a tremendous asset.  Ruth also became a friend.   She was generous and funny.  We shared quite a few laughs.  I am still reeling from the shock of her death.  Our team had planned a birthday lunch for March 7th, to celebrate three birthdays including Ruth's.  We'll miss you Ruth.  We will not forget you. I know you must be celebrating in Heaven. Tonya Jones
Alex It has been 2 months without you, I miss you so much everyday, not video calling , not texting , not just shooting the shit. I really wish you were here. love you
I miss u so much.. I love u forever..
My heart is still and will 4ever remain empty..ill never understand why you were took from us so soon..i live u Pete with all of my heart and soul..i prayed really hard day and night after your passing. I prayed god let me c his face just one more time..and I did ..you had the biggest pretty smile .amen!.
This candle will remain lit for ever...you were and still are the light of my life Pete..
Sending my love ..
Love u hunny
Yesterday was a month that my mom has not been here.  I miss her terribly - I still cannot imagine that I will never again pick up the phone and just have her at the other end to answer all life's little questions;  "How long do I cook..."  "What was the name of that..."  "What do you think of..."    I just miss her so much!
Today is  March 17  and I think of you q day, in the early am  and all day but you are In Heaven now and there is No time constraints just the reward !!!Look down on us all and use  your organizational skills to encourage the Church triumphant to shower us with Blessings for our duration ,,,so we may run the   good race    as you did..Miss you but will never forget you
Kathy, I hope the "comfort box of angels" helped in some way.  You're last parting words to me involved concern about not having sent an email to Riverwalk folks that the garbage collection on President's Day would remain the same :)  Always thinking about others....that was Kathy.  I didn't realize she was a crossword puzzzle fan.....I've never known someone who did them in ink!  Would have loved to have a conversation with her about that.  Love and strength to the family.
Dearest Kathy, you will be a light in my life forever. In the past 11 years, I don't know how you knew. There were some tough times and during those tough times there was always a call from you to see how I was doing and "what can I do for you" - God Bless and keep this beautiful lady in our hearts forever, I know she will be there for us always.
From:  Patricia Meehan:   I have met many people in my life but knowing Kathy made me a better person. Her goodness, kindness, her caring for everyone even when she was going through so much. You have lost someone wonderful, but so has Riverwalk she will truly be missed. -Pat
I miss my neighbor and my friend. I have tears in my eyes but hope in my heart that we will meet again. I feel strongly that she is with her Heavenly Father for all of eternity. Bye, Kathy.
FROM Sally Campbell:       Kathy was one of my most beloved and talented students.  Always prepared; always on time; always helpful.   She was in my first class, and with me through to the last.  Most of all she was a very very dear friend.      I called her Angel, for she truly was one of our Lord's Angels here on earth; Always putting others before self.      In my home, there are mementos everywhere of Kathy, for each trial I faced; mass cards, a special prayer or poem, beautiful bookmarks with messages from her showing support.   My heart aches that she is no longer with us.    She was beautiful inside and out, lit up a room wherever she walked, spreading Gods light, love and joy to all.   I'm sure he has prepared a special place for her, with loved ones, filled with music, dance, joy &amp; happiness - never again to know pain or hurt.     Now one of Heaven's Angels.    -Sally
Kathy was a friend,an inspiration,an example of patiently following the path Our Lord laid out  for her.All the good she did along the way on her journey here has brought her Home to God's Promise of eternal life and joy.Wonderful memories are her Legacy to us where she will remain in our hearts and minds as long as we are here.We know she is at  peace  and we miss her and pray for Cliff and her children and grandchildren and trust that time and all their wonderful memories and  pictures will comfort them till we all meet again .Teach the angels how to dance Kathy.and watch over us all.
Kathy was a wonderful person and an exceptional neighbor.  I will so miss her smiling face and positive attitude. She really brightened our Riverwalk Village. I know she will Rest In Peace with the Lord.
Kathy was an angel and she is now with our Lord I will miss her positive attitude and her concern for everyone may Cliff receive support from all of us and know that we are there for him, hugs to both of you
Happy 29th Heavenly Birthday my love Bug
In memorial of my precious son Jacob..you are missed so much I miss your smile you ,your humor and most of all your kind heart
I'm so sorry for your loss and my heart aches for you and with you. I lost my son in 2014 , he was 29. We will see our sons again one day and it will be the most glorious reunion. hugs to you !!!!!
He was a very strong, kind, loving, happy young man who didnt meet a stranger. He had a smile that would just brighten anyone's day. He always looked up to his big brother as his positive role model. We love you boogerbear, and we miss you so much.
She was a loving mother of two. She was kindhearted, loving and caring. She always loved gardening. She loved roses and life. She was taken from us at a young age. She is dearly missed by everyone who loved her.
He was a very loving kindhearted brother who will be dearly missed by so many people.
My precious Sam, today I celebrate you making me your mother. God chose just the right young man for me to have in my life. What a joy you were for the 42 years we shared on this side of heaven. I know you are always watching over me, I feel you in my heart everyday.  Thank you for the 2 beautiful grandchildren you left to continue your legacy, oh how I wis you could have met their children, you would have been such a wonderful grandfather to Haydon and Lydia. But it was not to be. I treasure the wonderful memories you and I made. Never did you leave or end a phone call without saying “ love you, bye” those were the last words I heard you speak before God called you home.  I am so thankful for the goodness and kindness you had in your heart.  I know in God’s time I will see you again, what a glorious day that will be.
So sad
I am lost and broken without you for the first time since you brought so many people together for the FROSTY NUTS RUN every Jan 1st will this run be in memory of you.  All the time you thought you didnt matter...yes you did....waiting for you to hold me again and never let go....xxx.
Praying you have enough energy to come thru tonite.  We need to know if you are ok.xxxxxx
Of course Ido.....no one else could put up with me.
Do you love me......
I remember Sharon mostly from my childhood. We had sleepovers a lot at her house, because Sharon had central air in the 70s, when the rest of us had a fan lol. We played outside all the time, hide and go seek was a neighborhood favorite, accept sometimes Sharon and brothers would decide not to find me lol...in the dark in Detroit..We all use to go to this movie theater up on Jefferson..get scared after movie and run home, again in the dark. I loved her wit and her sarcasm. I mostly loved her heart. Sharon was a huge part of my formative years, she will always be part of my life.  Ps. Almost forgot, she took me to my first Chinese restaurant on Jefferson in Detroit...miss her..
Sharon left us so soon, although now she is now painless. She will be forever missed. Sharon was the best kind of person, such a caring soul. She welcomed me with open arms when I needed it most. My heart is so heavy.  She was very loved, and the love that Her and Richard shared was legendary.  R.I.P my friend.  I'll make a wish for you on our birthday every year.
Sharon was a really wonderful person that I knew back in the old forums day back in Detroit the four M's days she will be missed another angel in heaven never forgotten may she rest in peace
Rest in peace Sharon as you shine down on all of us. God has another angel.
Sharon...you were such a wonderful person with such a warm heart. Chris and I, needless to say, were very saddened by this unfortunate circumstance. You will always have a special place in our  hearts....Chris will never forget the good times you shared together.  Love you Always..... R.I.P. Sharon...our special Angel..... We will miss you like crazy!!!!!!
She'll be missed
Sharon, May you rest in peace my friend!
It is heartbreaking to lose my childhood friend . I can still remember when we were 6 years old . May you be at peace .
RIP Sharon, will always remember the good times with you and Rich when visiting Michigan with Krissie
I love &amp; miss u
Not a day goes by without me wishing you were here... til we meet again brother.. I love you always and forever.. your always in my heart. R.i.p. I miss you so much!    @--)-------
My wonderful son , My heart &amp; soul I love and miss u  Now &amp; Forever
He will always be missed everyday
Always in our hearts
@--)-----
Bob was one of the nicest people I know. He was a customer at my barber and made me laugh every time he came in. We shot on the same dart team and partied with him and his wife. Two great people. He was a good man and good friend. Rest in peace dear man!
Love and Miss you Grandpa!!!
Happy Birthday in heaven Dad! 12.31.2019
Gone but not forgotten.
Mama will ALWAYS love and miss you.
Kathy; you were a beautiful person and will be sadly missed..God bless you and all of your loving family..
Kathy,  You were taken too soon. You will be missed by so many.
Aunt Kathy, you were one of a kind. You are part of some of my most precious memories. Although I will always miss you, I find comfort in knowing you are with Grandma, Grandpa and all of your animals you cared for so well. You are not suffering anymore. I love you.
On 8/10/60 I became an older sister to a force....named Kathy. She was a bright stubborn light in this world. I loved her then and always will. I miss you so much I can't stop the tears. But I know all your pain and suffering are over and your enjoying your reunion with Mom and Dad. Remember you will always be loved babygirl.  Your sister Margie.
Kathy it was a pleasure to work with you in the socc. You were very kind and helpful to me when I came to work with all of you whackos. Never a dull day how fun it was. Wonderful memories
Seems like only yesterday that you went to a better place. But know that you are missed and thought about daily.  You are probably sharing your laughter throughout the heavens.  Miss you lots.
MISS YOU SO MUCH DEAR SISTER , GOD BLESS YOU! I TRULY MISS YOU LAUGHTER &amp; LAUGHING WITH YOU. HUG ALL THE REST OF OUR LOVED ONES AS WELL. WE MISS YOU ALL . IN THE LOVE OF JESUS CHRIST , YOUR SISTER , LAURIE. MOMMY MISSES YOU TOO!
Lita, thank you for kindness and especially for being such a light in the life of my dear friend, John.  You are missed.  xo.
I think of you often dear friend.  Certain you are always at a heavenly party with your angels.  Miss your smiling self. Much love, Linda ( Ab Normal too) (chemo sabe)
There is not a day goes by that you (LIta) are not thought about and know that you are making sure that we (left on earth) are now being served by a very special angel.  Please, if you see Ginger wondering around somewhere, that you will give her a pet and let her know she along with you are missed so very very much......love, hugs and kisses....your mom-in-law.
When we get together as family..we miss our little bit of Heaven..Lita Ann.. Always in our hearts!
Thank you for always finding a way to make me smile even when I didn't want to. Thank you for caring to ask how I was even when you weren't feeling your best. I still have the sweater you gave me because I was always cold at work. A small gesture ment so much to me. I will miss you Mrs. Lita rest in paradise ❤
Happy Birthday Lita.  Know that you are missed very, very much.  You are in our thoughts each and every day.   Bud &amp; Charlene
On your birthday In your memory, sweet Lita, I celebrate life.
Missing your smiling face and laughing eyes. May you be singing with the angels and know you are loved! Happy HEAVENLY birthday sweet Lita!
Beautiful soul you're so missed. That smile lit my heart with love the first time we met.  Here it is your birthday and you would so have enjoyed a party. Our talks and visits were filled with laughter, memories I hold dear.  I promise to continue being Ab Normal forever!  Always your friend with love, Chemo Sabe
Lita had such a kind and caring soul.  She was a beautiful person and will be forever missed.  Rest in peace
Yesterday, I was calling to talk to my friend of over 20 years. When John answered, I expected him to hand her the phone. I was not prepared for the news. My last email communication was New Year's Eve 2017. Lita and I met at a job and made friends quickly. She made my tenure with that employer more palatable.We later worked for two other employers by giving referrals both ways.She had a good sense of humor. Lita had a good heart. She showed empathy for people's dire circumstances. She loved my 3 daughters and never failed to ask "How are the girls"? My girls loved her just as much and frequently asked me if I kept in touch with her. Lita was beautiful on the outside, too. She reminded me of my mother both inside and out. She was actually my mother's "stunt double". They really looked alike! I will forever be thankful to Lita and John for attending our life's events, and to Lita for all the lengthy phone conversations, insightful emails, and character references for employment. Thanks for your invites, also. I appreciate her telling me how much she really loved her husband and how much they relied on each other for everything. That's the way marriage is supposed to be. Lita was an awesome writer. I encouraged her to continue to write in spite of everything she had to endure. I saved her emails so that I could revisit when I was not studying, working or managing my health issues. I miss my friend. My heart is heavy now. I know that she is in a better place, probably meeting up with my mom now and being the best angel ever.
Lita. I will miss you. I met you before I had children. That was over 22 years ago. I was so young and you were the sweetest woman I could have ever met. We met at Chase and no one could smile, make you laugh, or tell a story like this beautiful woman. Her cooking was delicious. Oh the years we spent working together at Chase. Haha. So many long days and nights, but you made it better. You encompassed what every person's heart should be and how their soul should shine. You made me a better person through your wisdom and guidance. Rest well friend. Love you always
LITA was a bright light to Us All. Her kindness &amp; humor were so original to Her being. I will miss Her every day until We are together again. I am glad that She is no longer in pain &amp; I want to personally thank all who called , prayed , sent cards , emails and other corespondents. John was the most loving &amp; faithful husband that I have ever seen. His family were also such a blessing to Her as well as Our Mother. It will be hard after 61 years to not have Our conversations . I also have to acknowledge Her neighbor Crystal &amp; Her family who live across the street from Her. They were so kind &amp; loving to LITA &amp; John! Anna &amp; Don Terry as well . Love You All. Lisa Marie , Lydia , Sheltons &amp; All who held Us in prayer &amp; encouragement . Marydale , Greg, Charlene &amp; Bud , You made such a difference in Her life. God bless You All. Love in Jesus Christ, Laurie G Henderson , LITA’s twin sister. PS My love to all of Her caretakers : You were so loving &amp; efficient! Love You All &amp; God bless!
Lita you left us way too soon.  But you will forever be in in our hearts and minds.  Your bubbly personality, smile,stories and your undying love for John have left an indelible mark on all who had the privilege of knowing you.  Our Christmas celebrations will not be the same without your bingo enthusiasm but we know you will be with us in spirit and you  and Jaycob are probably telling each other stories.  We are confident you are in a better place and now the Lord has another angel to keep watch over us.  We love you Lita.
Our precious Lita left us way too soon.  She was quick witted and most of all loved her husband, her family, her adopted family (us) with all her heart and soul.  Lita loved to play Christmas bingo at our family gathering and added joy to our celebrations.  She will be missed every minute of every day, every week, month and year.  We love you Lita.  We are sure, Lita, Heaven was just made lots better.
John, We are saddened by the news of Lita’s passing. She was a true example of what love is supposed to be. Her light will forever shine in our hearts as an example of how we should treat our fellow man. We will miss her laughter, warmth, and big hugs. We will keep you in our prayers and send warm thoughts your way.  All our Love, Todd, Don, and Aunt Pat
I had the pleasure of working with Lita she was a a caring kind and lovely person to work with.  She made me laugh when I needed that and she took an interest in everyone around. The world needs more people like Lita she is sorely missed. Thank you for being an example for me on how I should be.
The Heavens are a little brighter with the arrival of our sweet Lita Ann. RIP and know your light will continue to shine!
What an example to the world Lita was, if only everyone was kind and understanding is she
Lita was a beautiful soul and oerson. Rest in peace Lita.
Lita always could find the silver lining in any cloud and the good in any person. I will cherish the beaded necklace and bracelet she made for me and remember her sparkling smile and thoughtfulness. May she rejoice with the Lord pain-free!
My cousin Lita was and still is a funny, intelligent,talented and creative spirit.  When I think of her its her laugh, her smile, the sparkle in her eyes that come to mind.  My love and prayers go to her husband and all of us touched by her kindness and care.
Lita was a caring and wonderful lady who always had a smile on her face. She will truly be missed but the good times wills always be remembered. Rest In Peace Lita.
Lita always kept her sense of humor, even in the face of adversity.  Her courage and grace these past few years as she dealt with far more than her share of challenges, was inspirational.  It was a privilege to know her.
The world has lost a kind and loving soul.  Rest in peace, sweet Lita,  I was lucky to have known you.  You will be missed.
I miss you so much son.
My sweet baby---so missed
DAD YOU WILL FOREVER BE MISSED.
LOVE AND MISS YOU DAD.
I miss you so much Wayne! It's not the same without you here. I know you are looking down on us probably lecturing me about something. I wish I could have one more day with you. Keep shinning and smiling on us. I love you old man.
I know we didn't get along most of the time but I do love you and do miss you.you were easy to talk to and always laughing rip bud
Miss and love you so much. It's not the same without you.
A loving son who will be forever missed.
I love you Anthony always and forever. Though, I miss talking to you. I know you are with me always. I didnt hate missing you as much as I hated the thought of never talking to you or seeing you again in this lif time. I know I have lots of straightening out to do and I am and working on it. When you passed away. I fell apart, I was so angry, I was feeling so guilty for not knowing how much pain you were in and was not there to help you more and I gave up. Today I am putting my life back together. I felt guilty and sometimes still do if I was happy or even smiled but now I know you would want me to be happy and do good. So this me still loving you and trying to make you proud of me by doing good things not only for myself but for others. I love you, Mom
I light this candle to remind me that your light forever shines in my  ♡
Tommy  Today it’s been one year without you by my side ! I know your with me but it’s not the same as being able to hold your hand and share our love with the world this is hard ! I miss u more everyday and nothing gets easier ! Plz send me signs or come haunt me I miss you terribly n love you so much ! You made me so happy !!!!!  Happy one yr in heaven
Happy Easter Tommy........we miss you tonight n tomorrow will be hard. I feel u with us but it’s not the same n sometimes I’m overwhelmed with pain of missing you, but I have our babies here to keep me close to you. Love you forever
I’ll never forget us coming home from the hospital 2 yrs ago today.......I miss you so bad tommy. It’s hard to live out you
I miss you everyday tommy
I’ll try to remember to light a candle everyday, I’m so glad I see u every night in my dreams
You’ll always be my Tommy gun, n I’ll always be your Tommy girl. ......to the moon n back .. Love you forever
“Wanna know why I call you my son, because you’re so bright” I’ll never forget you’re words of wisdom.  -You’re prodigy son,                                   Noah Johnson-Smith
Love and Miss you dad. I see you in my dreams every night
I LOVE &amp; MISS YOU SO VERY MUCH MOM..... YOU WILL ALWAYS BE IN MY HEART....THINKING OF YOU EVERYDAY.... I LOVE YOU
These is for my son i miss him with all my heart
Happy Birthday Dad. I hope your having a grand celebration with everyone. Until we meet again, I love you❤
I can't believe it's been year since you've been gone. I love you dad ❤ I wish we would of had more time.
Rest easy Dad you will be forever in our hearts. God must of had a need for you, because he took you from us way to soon. Until we meet again
My love for you Danny will never die u are so missed by me and everyone the angels flew you  to heaven to be with your family please baby check in on me everyday I need u with me more now than ever love u too the moon and stars and back again fly high sweetheart I love u forever and always
Rest in Heaven Janessa!  It’s crazy how it’s been to years since u been gone. Life is crazy nd it will never feel the same. Continue to watch over ur family, continue to rest peacefully. I love u!! -Nette
You have been gone for 2 years. I swear I miss you everyday. But I feel you with me, even tho everyday is so hard with out you I try remain strong. Please you and dad look over mom, cuz I cant be with her every day.  We all miss you so much. I love you sissy. I love you so freakn much!
Ness,  I miss you every day. I see you in your girls so much. I cherish all the memories I made with you but most importantly how if I was in a bad mood you would try so hard to make me happy. I miss our drives and our nights in watching movies. You will be forever missed and never forgotten. Love you ness!!
I miss you so much baby girl!  you will always be in my heart.. I’m so glad you came into my life... I’m so glad I get to be in your families life to keep you memories living... I love you baby girl
Wow..two years have gone by...I think of u everyday...when I am with your girls I see you in their mannerisms and beauty...I wish I would have had more time with u...u r forever missed...i love you
Dearest Ness,  It's so hard to put into words how much we miss and love you. Your girls are growing so fast and they are so BEAUTIFUL. I see you in them ALOT. R.I.P SWEET NIECE.
Beautiful, Janessa, I missed getting to know you in person, but feel like I know you well through your wonderful Mom. Thank you for the gift of Her friendship. She means the world to me.  Your girls are precious and continue to reflect your beauty.  The family is loving them and taking good care of them.  You shine through each of them. Someday I will be so glad to meet you in heaven.  Till then....
I sure do miss you and think of you every day. your Walmart mom I see you in the pretty little girls and I know you and your heart will live and thrive forever
You've been gone from this earth 2 years now baby, and the pain of losing you is still with me. You will never be forgotten . I know you hear me talking,to you and I feel you in my heart. Your children are growing up happy and healthy but they will never forget you. I look at them and see you. You did good baby. I wish I had more earthly time with you, but one day I will have unlimited heavenly time with you. Loving you forever and after that,mom
Your smiles, your love, your trusting heart. How I miss you. I miss that sweet voice saying "Yes Aunt Ann," I will. Miss you talking with Mom your grandmother and how you could make her smile. Miss so much. Love you forever, rest in peace.
Rest in Peace you Beautiful Angel. May God continue watching over your babies. You are truly missed.
I love you miss you will always remember you I still enjoy waiting for you to come to Philadelphia with your father my brother I will forever love you! We will keep your memories alive and yes I am fighting against  The  Domestic violence  "Janessa Safe Haven" Your aunt Lena love you!
You will live forever in my heart my beautiful daughter. Rest in peace and know that you are loved and missed by many.
Ness I am so happy to have had you in my life. I will cherish all the memories we had together. I love and miss you so much.
ks now that all i have are memories.... i promise not to let them die. cousins that were more like sisters at least in my eyes. you were mine and i yours.... still hard to swallow and this song  that's playing right now is making it sooooo hard not to cry and i know you'd laugh at me being all sensitive but girl, i miss you just that much... its never goodbye it's a see you later.. whether it be in my dreams or at the gates of heaven ... i'll see you later.
I love you ness. It's not fair you were taken, it's not fair you are gone. It still don't seem real. You were my everything. I miss your laugh, your smile, your jokes, you calls, your voice, u touch, your presents.. life Is so hard without you. I miss you so much sissy.  I'm lost without you, and i really miss you everyday, even just buggin you, or hanging out.  I love you Janessa and i don't think I said it enough, but i love you now and always will.
I went to your St. James church to the spot under the tree in the memorial garden where we buried your and your parents ashes and sang happy birthday to you. A drunken bum on a nearby bench was the only other one who heard, was it you in disguise? Still cleaning up your trailer and tossing and keeping your books and records and tools and and and. Continuing repairs. Found your dad's POW log and and giving it to Amy. Well see you in the funny papers.
Waited for your ghost to show up on your death day, no show. You must be having a fun time in the universe. Good for you. Wanna help me sell your old trailer? I dumped a ton of money into it fixing it up ya know, you are financially killing me. I want outta the park- too many druggie drunk weirdos here. Give me a hand buddy.
Happy birthday in heaven, my friend.
Happy B-day in train plane car tool music heaven.
Gordon we were so sad to hear of your passing. You will be missed at the pulpit reading the Holy Scriptures. Your knowledge and love for classical music was an inspiration. Thank you for sharring your many cd's with my husband Albert. He was honored and grateful. We both feel blest to have know you. Our prayers are with you always. Karen and Albert
Gordon we were sadden to hear of your passing. We feel blest to have known you these past few years. Albert felt honored you shared so many of your cd's with him. Your knowledge and talent for classical music was and inspiration to us both. We will miss your kind gentile spirit. Our prayers are with you. Love, Karen and Albert
FRIDAY, January 5, 2018  Is Gordy's Funeral memorial at St. James Church. 2 PM  West Street, Danbury.
Hello,I only meet Gorden near the end of his life...he stuck me as a very fine &amp; outstanding gentleman; I am so sorry I didn't get to know him better--HE WILL BE MISSED!,God rest his wonderful soul!
My good friend - so sad you passed on. You had so many plans and projects to complete. Making a library for your copious amount of books, getting a new tool shed to complete your many projects, putting up that huge antenna to get television signals are a few. Things were just getting better for you but you could not finish in time. You were never bored and kept busy and did it with many friends. Most of us should be so lucky. Rest in Peace.
I can't imagine what your feeling but can understand the pain! Lawanda should have no regrets as she did what a mother would do to take care of her child! She is a wonderful mother and my thoughts and prayers are for her. God received another angel although we can't understand.  Love you Lawanda you are a great mother!  I saw your tears and pain but all we can think is God stopped her suffering!   Dorie
Dad Already a year that you've gone to be with our lord Jesus Christ.  I pray that you have found peace and that you and Mom are enjoying each others company. Pat
Missing you so much babe! I NEED to talk to you and hold you and just wish I could hear your voice..
Hi sweet boy I can’t believe we will be celebrating another Christmas without you! Losing you has been incredibly painful for all of us! I am so broken I just wish I could feel your arms around me even  for a moment! I love you Dollboy
A beautiful soul is never forgotten...may you rest in peace
Happy New Year sweet beautiful baby boy I miss you more then yesterday and even more than tomorrow !! All of my love until mommy’s last breath!!!!!
Merry Christmas Doll
We miss you so much Dylan may you find peace with the Angels and know you will never be forgotten
To the family of Mrs Lillian Smith, My names is Pauletta Williams  and I was Mrs. Smith's Avon lady.  It was a pleasure for me to deliver her Avon. She was always very kind and cordial. I will miss her. You are in my thoughts and prayers during this time of sympathy. Sent with love and care. Pauletta Williams
Flower Time
Love You Cortney And Your Family Misses You So Much
You Are Forever Missed And Loved
Nothing will even fill the void we received when you were taken from us , love and miss you always. Hope your dancing in heaven ❤️
Until we meet again!
Nana missing you so much that my heart hurts. I'm always thinking about you. I wish that we could relive that day that your life was taking from us so that we could change it. I love you so much till we are together again.
Forever missed, until we meet again
I miss you son
Josh I remembered the day you was born 336am 8pd8oz 21half inch long you was allways a mommas boy you never gave me no trouble growing up you was allways at home now your gone and I don't understand why only god knows how I'm gonna make it with out you I love you for ever I will never forget my first born till I take my last breath you will never be forgotten mom
I love you Josh love mom
I didn’t know Janet or your family but wanted to share some words of encouragement.  Although death just seems to be a part of life it still is never easy to see our loved ones pass away.  This makes sense since we weren’t created to grow old or die.  We can take comfort in knowing that God will in the near future fulfill His promise in John 5:28, 29 and will resurrect our loved ones so we can welcome them back.  Until that time —- deep sympathy— Julia
There is never a day that goes by that your not thought of. I know you live in my heart now, but I would give anything to just see that beautiful smile. I know 27 years was a very short time, but I would not trade them for anything in this world. You were definitely one of a kind. You were not just my one and only daughter, but my best friend. One of the things that keep me going is knowing you are with me every step of the way. I know in my heart you will be there when I am taking my last breath to comfort me and take my hand to walk woth me to the other side. Until then I might not get to physically touch or see you, but I know you live on throug me. I love and miss you my babygirl. Even tho you were 27 you weas always my baby.
Mr. Smith and Cassandra and Family, May the strength of God hold you, the peace of God sustain you, and the Love of God keep you all during this time. With Deepest Sympathy and Condolences. Regina Crittenden Mitchell and Family
You were a precious beautiful angel and will forever be in my thoughts and heart❤️
Forever in our ♥️
Dear Miatta: Earth has no sorrow that heaven can not cure.  When I think of Mr. Smith it fills me up whenever I reflect on his insight and honesty. He was amazing, kind and a whole lot of fun! Please know that God is right there with you and the entire family! I have heard a lot about the rest of the family and praying for you all. Walter had a major impact on my life and I learned so much from him!  Simple words can not even express my thoughts....he was my friend, mentor...and so much more. Please continue to stay strong!  Love, Steve
Miatta &amp; Family, Please know that  my prayers are with you at this time of loss. Walter will be truly missed by me and the entire Mississippi Link family. We always looked forward to publishing his thought provoking editorials. May God continuously strengthen you in the days to come. - Jackie Hampton
Dear Miatta, There are simply no words when families suffer this kind of loss.  Just know that you are in my thoughts and prayers.  May God wrap you and your family in His/Her perfect Grace.  ~~Claudette Perry
I'm really sorry for the passing of your loved one.You can look forward to the time when you are reunited with him again; when Jesus resurrects all those who are now sleeping in death, restoring them back to life with the hope of eternal life on the renewed Paradise earth.-John 5:28,29; Luke 23:43. Until that time comes, may you find peace and comfort in God's love.-I John 4:8
I am so sorry for your loss of such a great man, I would love to leave my condolences and thank him freom the bottom of my heart for all hes done for our country.
Anyone who knows Cecelia knows what her parents mean to her. Like others who have written here, I never met her folks, but the person she has become speaks volumes of who they were and how they raised her. We all know Cecelia to be intelligent and capable, principled and determined. I'm sure she comes by it honestly.
I did not get to know Smitty or Lurah personally but I have known their daughter, Cecelia, for fifteen years. They gave her courage, compassion, love and strength.  That would be a legacy that I would settle for.  They must have been really special folks to have given the world such a good person.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith must have been exceptional people judging by their daughter, Cecelia. She is the embodiment of strength, courage, perseverance, and loving kindness, and she has assured me that she learned it from her parents.  Mr. Smith’s biography is an inspiration to all of us. He was a true American hero.
Cecelia speaks of you so kindly that I truly wish I could have known you. I'm so sorry she wasn't able to be there to say goodbye.
Many years ago, Dad asked my good friend, Gordon MacLeod, if he would pipe at his funeral.  Gordon was touched, but he prefers to play for the living, so instead, we arranged an "Ice Cream Social at the facility where my parents were living, and Gordon gave a private concert - which included Dad's favorite (Amazing Grace) as well as a variety of other well known favorites.   It was a fun afternoon, even though it rained and had to be moved indoors.  But Dad got his pipes!   ~Thank you for the memory Gordon!
I have always been proud to have been his daughter.  He set a high bar for how to be a good person, a parent and an American.     They always believed in an afterlife, and that their souls were forever bound by their deep love.  They are now and forever, together.
Year ago today you left us all we miss you very much xxxx
Thank you for loving me. Thank you letting me see that pure and true love does exist. You gave me reason to live my one and only. You gave me a brief but amazing life Mark. I will always cherish my memories of the perfect love you showed me. I will hold on to your heart and all the love you gave me forever. I miss your touch, your smell, the sound of your voice when you would sing to me or say my name. I miss my beautiful, perfect love, I miss my monchichi. I miss my Mark. Hold on to my heart, keep it safe and warm until I'm home in your arms again. I will always love you and never forget the way you make me feel. I will be home soon. I love you!
Forever Missing you P...Your forever Friend in me...Paulette Newby... &lt;3
4EVER MISSING MY BEST MALE FRIEND...IF YOU WERE STILL HERE, IM SURE WE ALL WOULD BE LAUGHING SO HARD ...WE'D PEE OUR PANTS LOL...@ 1ST YES IT HURT LIKE HELL LOSING YOU...HOWEVER AS I THINK OF YOU NOW...NOTHING SHORT OF GREAT MEMORIES...LOVE YOU P...HAPPY EASTER 2018.
We love you A.P!
ALWAYS AND FOREVER MISSED
I write this note to express sincere condolences to your family.  I didn’t know Anthony or your family but wanted to share some words of encouragement.  I don’t know exactly how you feel but I have lost ones I’ve cared deeply about so can imagine.  What has brought comfort to me is reading this Scripture in 2 Corinthians 1:3, 4 that God knows what we are going through and is there to comfort us in any trials we face.  We can also be encouraged by the fact that in the near future the words of Revelation 21:3, 4 will be fulfilled that God will wipe out every tear from people’s eyes and eliminate death and pain.  Until then —- deep sympathy—Julia
You already know what it is P...Your infectious smile was Priceless...Shelle and I always reminisce about our many trips to Lynchburg...or at the top part of Longwood Park in the camry lol...Or just sitting at the airport watching the planes take off (of course you know we cant do that now)...I can go on and on however I just want you to know that theres' none other like you...You were one of a kind...R.I.H...I LOVE YOU...MUAH!!!
Dad,you will forever be in my heart,and mind.I know one day I will finally get to meet you.love you always..your daughter.
Good Morning Allyson. Forever we will miss you, Forever we will cry. Why did you have to leave us, And gain your wings to fly. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Sad are the hearts that loved you, Sad are the tears that fall. But living our lives without you, Is the saddest day of all. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. How often do I think of you, It's really impossible to say. For you are in my thoughts constantly, And you will be every day. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson and Easter Blessings. You made us laugh, You made us cry. Who would ever have thought, We would have to say Goodbye. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. My Angel is in Heaven, I suffer her loss every day. In every waking moment, At the end of each day. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Sitting out one evening, I watched the sky above. Beautiful twinkling diamonds, Our Angels sending their love. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. May the winds of Heaven blow softly, And whisper in your ear. How much we love and miss you, And wish that you were here. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Oh Angels in Heaven, Hear my Prayer. Look after Allyson, With love and care. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Afternoon Allyson. Always loved, Never forgotten. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Remember me, And in that memory. I live forever. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. You have gone to rest, And this shall be our prayer. When we reach our journey's end, Your glory we might share. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. When tomorrow starts without you, We will try to understand. That an Angel came and called your name, And took you by the hand. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Jesus cried for you and your family, He welcomed a beautiful Angel into Heaven. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
ALLYSON. I know I have my own Guardian Angel in Heaven. Love, Mary. XXXXXX
Good Night Allyson. Sad is the heart that loves you, My world is now so empty. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Night Allyson and God Bless. Please be happy, Please don't cry. Because I'm an Angel, Up in the sky. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Friends may come, And friends may go. I'm always here for you, Just want you to know. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Another day another year, Another month another year. Another Winter and Summer too, But there will never be another you. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Night Allyson and God Bless. XXXXXX
Good Night Allyson. Gentle Jesus up above, Why did you take the one I loved Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Softly and quietly you left, Your heart does beat no more. Now at peace in Heaven, Our Angel who we adore. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. In loving memory, Of one so dear. A beautiful Angel, You'll always be near. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Farewells were left unspoken, You gently slipped away. You left many happy memories, That will never fade away. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Beautiful Allyson. XXXXXX
Good Morning Beautiful Allyson. XXXXXX
Good Morning Beautiful Allyson. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. I often think of you, I often call you name. Life without you here, Just hasn't been the same. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. A garden of beautiful memories, Sprayed with a million tears. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Our destination is a place, Far greater than we know. For some the journey's quicker, For some the journey's slow. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Afternoon Allyson. Sometimes we aren't meant to get over someone, So we go on living a little bit emptier. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. In perfect peace, My Angel does sleep. Just left me for a while, In Our Lord's keep. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Things we feel most deeply, Are the hardest things to say. Our dearest one we loved you, In a very special way. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Just a Prayer simple and true, For God to take good care of you. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. The hearts that truly loved you, Are the ones that wont forget. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Family ties are lasting bonds, That are woven in each heart. To keep a family close in thought, Together or apart.  Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. We love you now, We always will. In our hearts, Your memories fill. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson.. The hardest thing, In life to bear. Is to want our Angel, Who's no longer there So forgive us Lord, If we still weep. Your took away our Angel, We wanted to keep. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY IN HEAVEN ALLYSON.  XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Tender loving memories, Of days that have long past. They help[ me carry on without you, Because they're in my heart to last. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. By the old rugged cross, You sit with a smile. Waiting for those, You have left for a while. And those you have left, With their grief and their loss. Will meet you one day, By that old rugged cross. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Nothing can prepare you, For the loss of a love. The hurt is unbearable, For our Angel up above. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Night Allyson. This candle burns both day and night, To always keep you in the light. Sweet Dreams Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Night Allyson and God Bless You Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Roses are red, Violets are blue. And i thank God, I had a Friend like you. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. In early hush of morning, You came without a sound. Upon a blazing sunset, Your memory can be found. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Night Allyson and God Bless You. A candle for a loved one, Can burn so warm and bright. It gives us so much comfort, And shows your guiding light. Sweet Dreams Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
ANGEL ALLYSON. In the hearts garden you will always be, For love never dies. HUGS ANGEL. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. Tearfully sad and with much love, I honour you Angel with so much love. Love and hugs Beautiful Angel. XXXXXX
Good Morning Allyson. XXXXXX
The light of my life, may your eternal light shine.
Death is something we can never prepare for. However, I hope the loved ones of Tracey will rely on the Most High to give them the strength to endure during this unfortunate time- Philippians 4:13
Deepest condolences to the family.  It will never be easy to deal with the loss of a dear loved one.  That is why we look forward to God's promise at 1 Corinthians 15:26 which say small "and the last enemy, death, is to be brought to nothing."
Deepest condolences to the family. The loss of a dear loved one will never be easy. That is why we look forward to God's promise at 1 Corinthians 15:26 which saysay, "and the last enemy, death, will be brought to nothing,"
Deepest condolences to the family. The loss of a dear loved one is never easy. May you be comforted as you look to God's promise at  1 Corinthians 15:26 which says, "and the last enemy, death, is to be brought to nothing."
To Mrs. Marcella, Ben and the Smith family, I offer my sincere condolences.  Tracey and I became friends years ago when she began at Valdosta.  May the good Lord comfort all of you doing this sad time.  Keep her presence alive with all the great memories, photos and gatherings that you have shared.
My son i'll always love you !!!  Until we meet again  &lt;3
happy heaven birthday daddy!!  i miss you so much.  but i feel you everyday!!     in love you!!                                                                                                 your one and only daughter.
ove and miss you daddy!!!
Until we meet again love bug. I love you forever and always
Thank you David it means allot to me for you to even write. You were the only dad she knew and I know that meant allot to her. Yall did fight but I know that's becuz yall were so much alike you would think that she was yours. I know of she was here she probably be mad at you just where you'd know she cared. So thank you so so much for being there for her and for me when I needed you to be. Merry Christmas
Tiffany... I don't even know where to start. First Merry Christmas and I'm sorry for not writing sooner, but as you know I'm a man of few words. Second I want to tell you that I love and miss you so much. I know I was only your step-dad for a few short yrs, and that you and I had our fair share of issues... but I wouldn't trade the time with you for anything in this world. You were such an amazing person and had so much potential it blew my mind. The last part of your life though was the highlight for me. That's when you came to visit me in AZ and it amazed me how much you had grown up. For the first time in our relationship when you saw me and called me dad... I truly felt like I was, and those few days you and the kids spent with me I will never forget. I'm sorry for not doing more for you mi hita, not realizing the signs when we would talk... but just know that I love you and miss you forever
Hello honey just wanted to drop a line and tell you a couple things..well another Christmas without you that makes two . I have only got to see the kids the holidays right after you passed.Ryley won't let me see them since your gone.well after two years I finally got to meet Randy's daughter she's cute and adorable. Randy  just purposes to Jessica she said yes . I was the last to know but I'm happy for them Jessica is really good with Elie. I want you back I miss you so much . Well are doing OK and I can't wait to see you again. I will write again soon love you
Oh tiffany, I have so many memories of you great ones, good ones, bad ones, ugly ones, scary ones, funny ones, and everything in between. We were best friends growing up and it just hurts my heart that we kind of drifted a part for the last few years. You were and will always be one of those friends that when you think of your childhood you think of that person that was you. We had our little group that were inseparable and I wouldnt change those memories for anything. I miss you brat and I love you and I hope that your happy and out of pain I just wish you would have came to me and filled me in with what was going on I keep wondering if it would've made a difference. Idk but I do know that I will forever cherish the time we did spend together and that can never be taken away.. love you tiff and miss you so much
Well it's been a lil over a month since you passed and it feels like you been gone forever I miss you so much and I wish you were here with me. If I could of got you moved down here with me sooner maybe this wouldn't of happened. I know you were in pain and now your not but I just wish it didn't have to be this way. I got your picture on a shirt and on my wall, and you know me I usually have no pictures hung up. I just want to be able to see you everyday cuz I miss you so much I cry all the time, but one good thing came out of this and that's opened my eyes to how messed up my family is none of them cared not even your brother your sister cries all the time she truly misses you I think she thought she had more time. Well I will write again soon got to go get Grant he's a handful. Love always your mommy XOXO
So I went and checked on how much it was gonna cost to get mine and your sisters knecklace engraved but they told me to go to a better place. Of course that was closed so I'm gonna go back Monday since I should have your urn by then which is a cute Lil
Rest in peace baby I will never ever forget you. We might of fight but my love never left. You will always be my name sake, and I will always talk about you too your kids where they will know exactly how much you loved them. I know your in heaven and you will always be watching, the world lost a very special person but heaven gained a very special Angel. Love always baby your mom..
I will love u miss u n never forget you you were a very special girl  And can't wait to meet you heaven I'll love you forever and I know your watching over all of us tell Jesus to help protect them boys with LOVE YOU TIFFANY RIP SIS XOXOXOXOXO
I will love u miss u n never forget you you were a very special girl  And can't wait to meet you heaven I'll love you forever and I know your watching over all of us tell Jesus to help protect them boys with LOVE YOU TIFFANY RIP SIS XOXOXOXOXO
Tiff you were such a stinker when I first met you. You were so full of life.  I remember our trip to LJS you told me to shut up and I stopped the car in the middle of the road until you said sorry after that you were such a well manner girl.  We had a blast at supper.  My mom loved you so much. Now you two can catch up with stuff.  I love and miss you so much..
So sorry for your lost. Always in our thoughts and prayers.
Jodi, I was never lucky enough to meet Danny, however I know how much happiness he brought into your life.  I've known you for a long time and I have never seen you as happy as after you and Danny married.  I loved following you on Facebook.  I loved seeing your two families bond and get along so well.  Please know that you are in my thoughts and prayers at this most difficult time in your life.  You are a strong woman and I know that you will get through this.   God Bless you and your family!  RIP Danny!
My sincere condolences to the Smith's family and friends  for your loss, Edith. Jesus said: I am the resurrection and the  life".John11:25
Yesterday it has been two years since we lost you........we used to say that time flies when you're having fun. Now I just say time flies because I miss you so much! Just know that I think of you often, sometimes I smile, sometimes I cry and sometimes I'm just numb. Knowing I will see you again someday is comforting. Rest in peace Daddy......... Your loving daughter
Daddy,  Not a day has gone by that I have not thought of you, remembered a fun time, or just said out loud "Daddy I love you!" I always have heard that it gets easier......well.....I'm not convinced of that. I do know I will see you again and that and only that makes me able to keep going.  You are missed and will never be forgotten! Until I see you again....I LOVE YOU!  Love your daughter,  Wendy
Auntie, you were so good to all of us.  Truly unique and truly special.  We will  ALWAYS love you!  From Marcia and Ken
Auntie is remembered and missed on what would have been her 88th birthday.
We think of you every day, Auntie!  And Andrea and Matt talk of you so often and have great memories from childhood.  They especially remember your generosity.  Ken, too, has always called you his second Mother.  You are so special, so valued, so loved.
I miss Auntie everyday. Can't believe its already been a year since she left us.
Fondly remembering Auntie on her 87th birthday.  Can't believe she is gone.
Thinking of you alot today Mommy
Mother today I'm smiling as I think of you! God bless your beautiful soul!
May the Saints Rest Eternally!
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. -Matthew 5:8
Angela.John.Sonnie.Danny.And Debbie. Jeff  was loved by so many. And will be missed. My prayers for all of you. God bless each one of you.
My Heart, Thoughts and Prayers are with you all during this sad time, Lean on Jesus, he is with you right now and always and will help you through this, Haven't seen Jeff in a long time but always liked him alot, God Bless you all.
Jeffery "Bodine" Smith  went to His Heavenly Father on August 12,2017. Born in Jacksonville,FL on March 18,1960 to Albert Jack Smith and Jackie Carroll (Long) Knight. He was a Roofer and Plumber. He lived most his life in Macon,GA . He loved his family, friends and sports.   His services will be Friday August 25,2017 at 3:00pm at Mt.Pleasant Baptist Church in Macon Georgia.    He is proceeded in death by his parents and brother Gary W. Smith.    Survivors are his significant other Martha "Sunnie" Mc Dougald, daughter Angela Smith, Son John Smith, of Macon Ga  grandchildren Julie bush of Forsyth,Ga, Tyler Whitehead,and Trinity Whitehead and Sister Deborah Smith, and brother Danny Smith of Macon,Ga several niceces and nephews.    In lieu of flowers please make donations to Mt.Pleasant Baptist Church.
miss you timmy and love u always and forever
member sitting on the couch on sundays watching nascar with tim he was a big rusty wallace fan in 98 after earnhardt senior won the daytona 500 his winning car was on tour and was showing at century chevrolet in broomfield and he and i went up there where he got to sit in the car it was a real special moment between me and my son
I miss you so much and I'm so sad that it hurts to breathe. You were a good man and a great son.  You were a compassionate and supremely loving human being. Those are rare and your light will be missed. I know you are in heaven. I will look at you in the stars every night and wait until we are together again. I was truly blessed to have you as my son. You made me proud every moment of every day. You touched everyone that was fortunate to have met you. I love you Timothy Dylan Smith. Go teach those angels what being punk really is!
As a teacher for 26 years, I've met and gotten to know a large number of students. Of all those I have met, Tim was, by far, the ONLY one I would call "my favorite" - and I have publicly done so many times! He was Tim, and that was the best thing about him! Caring, funny, quirky, smart, curious, uninhibited -- I just loved the person that he was.  My husband also got to know him at many ska concerts and both of us knew (and often remarked) that, if we would have ever had a kid, he would have been just like Tim. We can give no bigger praise than that! I am so sad to hear that he is no longer here to brighten people's day and make everyone he meets feel special. I am truly blessed to have been touched by him in my life.
Timothy Dylan Smith November 27 1991 - July 28 2017 - Age 25 OBITUARY Timothy Dylan Smith, 25, of Thornton CO, died July 28, 2017 as a result of injuries sustained in a motor vehicle accident. He was born November 27, 1991 in Denver CO, the son of Brian Smith and Kelly Turner. He loved being a punk. He had a unique style that was truly all his own. He loved animals, especially his cat Snickers. He was a good man and a great son. He was a truly compassionate and supremely loving person. His love of life touched everyone that met him. He will be dearly missed. The world lost a truly good man, kind spirit, and giving heart when he left this world for heaven. But there is no doubt he is up there teaching those angels what being punk really is!
I had the distinct and unforgettable pleasure to work with Tim at Vantage Point High School. He was one remarkable young person!  Super creative in everything he did, enthusiastic about his accomplishments - I recall so many occasions when he had to share a new set of patches he'd sewn onto some piece of clothing or some other unique customization, and most of all I recall his friendly, open nature.  Tim would hang out in the Art room after school sometimes, chatting, making, stomping on fresh clay to make "shoe cookies" - and we all know the soles of his shoes or boots had some interesting patterns!  I am SO sad that Tim's bright spark has left the planet. I will never forget him!
Loving you is easy saying goodbye is hard, God saw you tiered ,so he called you on home , loving you daddy is easy ,letting you go is hard , you earned you angel wings daddy so God took you home , just keep looking behind you I will be there soon. Live and miss you daddy.
Our hearts is sadden that you had to go away, we wasn't ready, but we would have never been ready, but God gave you your wings and you flew away. Forever will you will be missed. Until we meet again on the other side. Save me a seat daddy.
Mom your truly missed can't believe its been 4 years RIP.
Mom I miss you so much continue to watch over us.
YOU ARE TRULY MISSED MOM. LOVE YOU ALWAYS AND FOREVER.
I love you so much and miss you even more!  Sweetheart, I ache for the day when we are reunited.......
Happy Valentine's Day my Darling..... I love you more today then the day we said I Do!  Days are endless, seasons change without notice, life is lonely, my heart still aches..... I miss you so much sweetheart....... I love you and adore you with all of my heart......  You are in my heart and thoughts every second, of every minute, of every hour, of every day.......
Thinking about our first Halloween together.....and missing you so much.  I love you my darling!  Xoxox.
Happy Birthday my Darling!!   How I wish we were gathering round the dining room table, surrounded by family and friends......all celebrating the beautiful gift of you.....both in this world and in our lives, especially mine!  My Darling, not a day dawn's that my heart and my head aren't filled with thoughts you and memories of our beautiful life together!  Unfortunately, my heartache persists as well.......
Happy Anniversary in Heaven My Darling Kevin!  I hope all of heaven was celebrating the beautiful gift of YOU!!  Sweetheart, please forgive me for being a day late in posting on your two year anniversary in heaven, but yesterday was an extremely emotional day for me.  I relived every moment of our life together.....and cried a river of tears.......so much so, I thought I couldn't cry anymore!!!  But, lo and behold, alone in bed, in the dark, and a flood of memories brougt on more tears............!  Sweetheart, I realize I will never stop crying.......you were, are and will always be the love of my life, my soulmate, you and only you have my heart and you took my heart with you when you left.......... And just like I told you, every day......'Honey, you are my love, my life, my world and I am so honored to be your wife and so proud of the man you are.  I love you Kevin Lee Smith............you were and still are my hero!  xoxoxoxoxo PS:  Sweetheart, please take care of my Boo Boo.  You know how much my heart is breaking......and  how much I miss him.  Love him as much as I do......and be sure to introduce him to our Buster.  I just know Boo Boo is going to love his "big brudda"!!!    I Love You Sweetheart!  Rest in Peace.........until I Get There!!   :-)
I love you sweetheart......with all my heart, forever and always!
Oh honey....you weren't supposed to leave me......till death do us part wasn't supposed to happen until we were in our eighties!!!  I need you so much and the heartache never eases... Honey I love you so much......I wasn't ready to lose you.......oh God it hurts so much....   If only you could know how much I need you........that I never could have imagined a life without you......without your love. Kevin, you are the partner I searched for, waited my life for.......and I didn't find you until I was 38.......I wasn't supposed to be a widow at 51......I wasn't ready to let go!!  Honey, you are my soulmate.....my one true loved that I always dreamed of.....I always knew you were out there waiting for me just as I was waiting for you... If only you could know how much I want you.....how the times we were together all alone, in our own little romantic paradise at 123 Park Ridge.....those were the sweetest hours my heart has ever known.....if only you could know how much I love you......that I loved you more than anyone has ever loved before.  Oh my sweet, sweet Kevin.....I can only hope and pray that I was able to find all the ways to show you that with every day we shared, every second in every minute, in every hour we shared that I loved you so much more every day and that love still grows stronger even though we're apart. I love you sweetheart.  You are my love, my life, my world and I am and always have been so proud to be your wife! X
I was supposed to spend the rest of my life with you, and then I realized.....you spent the rest of your life with me. I smile because I know you loved me till the day you went away, and will keep loving me till the day we're together again.
Hi Sweetheart! It's me......again!  I can't believe we would have been celebrating our 15th wedding anniversary on June 29th!  And, you know your wife.....we would be having a huge party.....people inside and outside.....and Buster putting on his best "I'm starving" face to anyone who paid attention! And knowing my husband, the food would have definitely included a smoked boston butt.......which would include a 24 hour grilling!  Do you remember our first 4th of July party as Mr. &amp; Mrs.?  Five days after we were married!  When you said you wanted to BBQ the New Yorker in me figured hamburgers and hot dogs for lunch, then maybe chicken and ribs for supper.........then you introduced me to a Carolina BBQ..... and my first 24 hour grilling......smoking those big 'ol Boston Butts all night long!  Lol I remember Randy was finishing his shift and caught wiff of the smoking......and a few others, including your dad!  That was my first impromptu BBQ at 3am!! I love you honey, so much.  You filled my life and my heart with so much love, laughter, happiness and joy!  I never knew such complete happiness and contentment until you walked into my life!  Baby, I know our vows stated "till death do us part" but I don't believe that. I am still your wife.....you and Buster just went on ahead of me to prepare our place in Heaven and I know when I am called home, my beloved will be here to take me by the hand and bring me home.  I love you Kevin,  Happy Anniversary baby please celebrate us and our love in heaven! I miss you so much. Xoxoxox
My Darling,  You are ALWAYS in my thoughts and FOREVER in my heart. You are my love, my life, my husband, my one true love.  You are and always will be the center of my world!  Sweetheart, I miss you so much, the ache in my heart never eases.  We were supposed to live the rest of our lives together.......but life cheated us.  Kevin, you are the one and only love of my life............thank you for choosing ME to share the rest of YOUR life with.  But God is all loving and I know we will be together forever in heaven.  Till then my love..........
Hi Mom.  I just wanted to let you know I have been thinking about you and Daddy so much this Christmas season. I dreamed you and I were chatting while going through all the wrapping paper and when I woke up, it wasn't real. But maybe your spirit visited me.  PS -- I finally learned how to knit this year...although I still don't quite have the hang of it. Love you. xoxo
Dear Mom, you would have been so proud at your memorial. Greg and Sid did an incredible job.  I am so honored that I received your burial flag and certificate from the USMC, and a Marine undid his glove and shook my hand to thank you for your service. Pastor Ken gave a eulogy, and Sid, Greg, Jessica, Matthew and I all spoke. There were many tears, even though we know you're with God--but we miss you here on Earth. Your strength, your character, your kindness and your love live on in all of us. I miss you so much, Mom... xo, Kimber
There are no words to let you know what my Aunt Ruth and Uncle Harley did for me. They came here and home schooled my son for 6 weeks. When I lived in H.B. and the kids missed their time to be home because they were at the school by there house. I would get the call from AUNT RUTH telling me not to be mad at them because they were at her house eating cookies then Uncle Harley would drive all of the kids home in his van. Loaded up the bikes and the kids that they were with. During a really bad depression I had. She called me daily. I loved her like she was my mom. I will always love and miss her. Her passing has took away a little of my heart. I should have went to see her but, Aunt Ruth would have told me it was OK. I will always miss you Great Aunt Ruth and Uncle Harley. Great meaning not just Great to the kids but, Great to me. The kids and I have been talking about her since she passed about all the fond memories she gave us all. Love you I am glad you are meeting up with your family. I will truly miss you!
Grandma Ruth, I am remembering today your colorful quilts, gorgeous rugs, stunning Vogue suits that you crafted so beautifully . . . I am remembering when we sewed together the curtains for my college dorm room. Thank you for making the vibrant handicrafts that blessed so many of us. I love your legacy of craftsmanship.
So sorry to hear about Aunt Ruth.  My thoughts and prayers are with you all.  Leanna Bradley Scott
Dear Mom, I miss you so much.
Sending up prayers for peace and comfort for the family.  I have very fond memories of Aunt Ruth and felt she inspired me as a woman to pursue my education and profession.  I enjoyed sharing a brief letter relationship with her as well.  Sending you all love as you remember your precious Mother.
The pictures you've shared totally remind me of Aunt Ruth.  To me she was always smiling, energetic, spunky and kind.  I always think about Aunt Ruth &amp; Uncle Harley together, because they were.  I'm sure they are celebrating together now.  Our love and thoughts are with all of you.
y was like a dad to me. he always treated me with respect even thought alisha and i were not working out he came to see me graduate basic training brought my new son and soon to be wife also. no one else did i loved him also like dad i remember time going to local bar have few beers and shoot pool wow good times. even after all these years alisha and i were seperated he still and glenda also went out of there way to help me and my daughter out when on vacation in california rides place to stay. brakes my heart... love ya bro.
We were neighbors for over 16 years and our kids all grew up together and there were a lot of good memories with the Smith family. Larry I'm glad that you and your family were part of our lives. May you Rest In Peace and Happy Fathers Day God Bless  Rhonda
never knew i could love someone the way i love &amp; miss you son! you hold a very special place in my Heart!
I love you!
mom its almost a year since you have been gone and i miss you more and more each day. I have so much going on and i cant even talk to you about it. im sure you know whats going on i have a new guy his name is chris but im sure you know that already.. i will write y a letter and put it in your grave.  I LOVE YU AND I MISS YOU SALY LYNN
Miss you
I love you
Dad what can I say that hasn't already been said? You were my Dad, my best friend, the only man who never let me down. This is so fucking hard living life without you. I just wish I could make the people who are responsible for your death feel as much pain and heartache as I do. Not a day goes by that I don't think about you and would do ANYTHING to have you home. Your missing out on so much, the thing that hurts me the most is you missing out on Isaiah. You would get a kick out of him. I can see him now following you all around the yard asking if he can help. I love you Dad and I miss you so much, so much that everyday a piece of my heart goes missing, a piece only you could fill. Keep watching over us Dad. I will forever and always be my Daddys little girl.
Miss you everyday❤️
TO THE BEST HUSBAND EVER. WILL ALWAYS BE REMEMBERED AND LOVED BY THOSE WHO KNEW HIM.
WE STILL LOVE AND MISS YOU VERY MUCH. HERE IS TO HE LIGHT OF MY LIFE
HERE IS WISHING THE MAN OF MY LIFE-HAPPY 75TH BIRYHDAY. YOU ARE LOVED AND DEEPLY MISSED.
Hey Ron hope you're having a great time with the other's. We miss you out here. Wish you were around so I can get my advice on men from you. I miss hanging out and doing the mostest. You know  I'm doing the best I can for you. Love you.
Mrs. Ginny is what I called her. Ginny was full of life and even at age 91 she could work circles around most people. We took a trip to Stone Mountain and we had a blast, laughing and teasing each other. At some point on our trip I called her and her sister Tommie girls. Of couse they were at least 25 yrs. older than me and they would just giggle. After this I always  would say how are you girl and they would giggle all over again. I enjoyed being in her company because she always had a smile and a kind word for you. Mrs Ginny you may be gone but you will never be forgotten. Till we see each other again love you girl Jane.
Please accept my deepest condolences. Sincerely, Loraine Crenshaw (Hospice LaGrange)
Ginny was one sister-in-law that was so much more like a sister. Terrell and I always enjoyed her company so much.Our hearts are saddened with her passing but we know she is in a wonderful place. She had many loved ones in Heaven awaiting her. We will grieve for ourselves but rejoice for hernew body that knows no pain, a voice that can sing and shout praises, her ability to walk all over the streets of gold in Glory.   We love you sweet Ginny. Terrell &amp; Betty
Buddy you was a great friend and a wonderful classmate to me. We shared many memories and told some good stories to each other. My friend I will miss you but never forgotten.
The loss of a loved one leaves us with many unanswered questions. However, your faith in God should sustain and answer many questions. To know "Buddy" was to love "Buddy". He was a man of many talents and always smiled despite the obstacles he may have been facing. Whenever he would see me he would say "Hey Cuz" and I would say Hey Uncle Buddy. It wasn't a thing he wouldn't do for you, all you had to do was ask and he was right there. My final thought is to my family, "Earth has no sorrow,that Heaven itself cannot heal". To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord! May God wrap his loving arms around you and encompass you with perfect peace!
I will miss my friend at LHS games. He was a very dedicated worker for the athletic club. Always was there to support. Although there were times that he didn't feel well, He was there. A true and dedicated worker to the end!!
Praying for the family! Mr. Buddy was a very loving person!
I'm so sorry about the loss of Buddy. When he would see me,he would always say hey Lisa friend.(with that big smile). May the God of tender mercies comfort and strengthen you all at this time of sorrow.
Frank its been a month and we miss you so much. Our hearts are full of tears. Tomorrows fathers day and on this day it will be so hard to not have you here. You have  taught each and everyone of us so much about life and about being good Christians. Every morning I wake up with you on my mind hoping all this was a bad dream.  You loved your grandchildren, your son, daughter, wife, sister, brother in law , daughter in law and son in law so much. In return we loved you so much too. Tony lost not only his dad but his best friend. He misses not having to be able to call you or sharing that Sunday race with you. How are we to go on not having you around ? Its hard but we have our faith and our love for one another to get by. You would be proud how we are all comforting each other in this sad time. I could not have had a better father in law. Thank you so much for all you did for all of us. You did so much for each of us. We will never forget you or the warm memories you have left with all of us. We will honor you by helping each other and loving one another as you would have wanted us to do. We know your in Heaven with Our Lord and Savior. Be our guardian angel as we continue to grow older until we meet again. We will love you always. Forever in our Hearts.
Dear Pam, my thoughts are with you during this very difficult time.  I hope and pray that your faith, family, friends and loving memories of your father bring you some peace and comfort.
Pam, I'm so sorry to hear of the passing of your DAD.  I pray you find comfort in knowing that he is truly resting now in the arms of the Lord.  During your most difficult days of wanting to talk and see him again, I hope you remember something about him that brings the biggest smile to your face.  Just know that God is always there to talk to and his wonderful love and grace will provide you with comfort that no one else can.  Praying for your and your family during this difficult time.  God Bless You!
I miss you so much!Hard to believe your gone but I know your with us. Love you Sis.
Miss u so very much..now anyone can come talk to you anytime anywhere...
Love you so much and miss you every single day xzxxxx
Miss you so so much nan xxxxxxxx
Happy easter miss you so much xxxx
Love you so much nan xxxxxxxx
Happy Mother’s Day nan xx love you now and always xxxx
Love you nan so so much miss you more than you will ever know x
Miss you always
Merry Xmas nan xxxx love you with all my heart miss you more than you will ever know xxx
Seven months nan x feels like a lifetime miss you so much I
Miss you so so much
Miss you nan more than you ever know xxxxxx
Miss you nan so much xxxxxxxxxx
Love you lots nan...sleep tight xxxx
Love you always xxxx miss you forever xxxx
Love you miss you so so so much xxxxx
Happy birthday my wonderful nan, love you always xx
Keep Shining bright love you forever x
Want you back so much what I would give to hold your hand and give you a kiss xxx life never gonna be the same xxx
Love you my amazing nan xxxx
Miss you nan soooo much x love you forever xxx
Mommy I MISS you
Mom....
Hi Pa!  “Everything is just lovely” and “I can’t complain.”  We sure do miss you but know that you are with our Heavenly Father and looking down on us as the seasons pass.  I was looking at some pictures of us and remembered how much faith you had in me. Ha...even when you knew Inwasnt mechanically inclined you once had me change an ignition switch on a VW. You always knew how to build my confidence and I was so proud when I got done. Not only because I made the repair but also proud of the time we spent together.  Always greeting me with a smile, a hug, and a big ole’ “there’s my grandson!” I miss and love you always Pa! Enjoy God’s beauty and I will see you again someday!
To my Pa... It has been a year. I miss you so much. It's hard to forget the love you had and the life you shared with us. I find myself whistling as you always did and it takes me back to so many memories of our visits when we came to the shop just to sit and tell jokes/stories. You loved us so much  and I love you. You still show up in my dreams and you are forever in my heart.
JUST SITTING HERE THINKING ABOUT YOU DADDY, JUST WANTED TO SAY I LOVE YOU DADDY AND YOU MEANT SO MUCH TO ME! NOW THAT YOU ARE IN HEAVEN I FEEL THAT YOU ARE HERE TODAY. I MISS OUR DAYS WHEN WE COME UP TO SEE YOU EVERY THURSDAY WHICH WAS MY HIGHLITE OF THAT DAY AND SOMETIME I WANT TO CALL YOU TO TELL YOU SOMETHING THAT WOULD CROSSED MY MIND. I REALLY TO MISS YOU DADDY.BUT WHEN I GET TO HEAVEN I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN! TOMORROW WOULD OF BEEN YOUR BIRTHDAY YOU WOULD BE 86 YEARS OLD, ( HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY)
MY FATHER IN LAW,,  WE MISS YOU SO MUCH,, TIME CAN NOT EASE THE PAIN OF LOOSING YOU HERE IN THIS WORLD,, BUT I KNOW SOMEDAY SOON WE WILL JOIN YOU AND OH WHAT A DAY THAT WILL BE.. THANK YOU FOR BEING A GREAT FATHER IN LAW  YOU MEANT TO WORLD TO ME.  WE ALL LOVE YOU AND WE KNOW YOUR IN NO MORE PAIN..  JESUS HAS YOU AND OH HOW BEAUTIFUL HEAVEN IS,, WE KNOW YOUR THERE JUST A SMILING DOWN AT US ALL.. WE WILL BE WITH YOU AGAIN.
Daddy I sure miss you I know you are up there with Jesus and the heavenly father, being a little empty today. I really glad that God give me 60 years with you. I praised him. I know that I can talk to you as I can send my prayers and talk to you that way as knowing that you are in heaven with Jesus. give me comfort. I will write to you and thinking about the time we had and the Lord everyday, I have memories. I love you daddy
BOBBY WAS THE BEST FATHER IN LAW ANY MAN COULDVE HAD  EVERYTIME HE WOULD SEE ME, HE WOULD SAY WITH A  SMILE AND GIGGLE,,, HEY HEY HEY,   IM SURE GOING TO MISS HIM, AND KNOWING HIM WAS A GREAT PLEASURE, AND HONOR THAT ILL ALWAYS CHERRISH.. WE WILL MEET AGAIN, AND ILL HEAR HIS  HEY- HEY- HEY ONCE AGAIN
I thought of you today. I felt you around me today. I felt your good nature within me today. I heard your cackling laughter and how you used to stop in the middle of telling us a story because it was funny to you.  I remember the time you made me play my ringtone over and over because you said it was the greatest sound in the world. It was of a baby laughing and you said, "You can't be sad when you hear something like that. Laughter is always the greatest sound". I remember that when I came over we would watch old westerns that I had never ever seen or simply watch America's Funniest Home Videos to see if people would fall.  We would sit and tell stories back and forth. Yours were always better. Stories of how you got a promotion in the Army by fixing a commanding officer's car or the time you played hookie to go fishing. I find myself whistling and now understand why you always did. Somehow, it keeps your mind busy but often drifts at the same time. It was always the same tune every time and one I will never forget. It always reminded me of the whistle portion that the rooster whistled in Disney's "Robin Hood".  I was never to old to hug you. You always welcomed a hug. Thanks for being such a great influence upon my heart. I thought I would write since I found these words. God bless Pa. Love you and miss you so much.
I thought you would be here forever. I know it's an impossibility, and that you are now no longer sick. I know you are with Jesus. Oh to hear your voice again. To here you say, "I love you too, Darlin'."  The last words you said to me.  I just want to go back to when I was young and you were there for me. Always there for me. Just for a little while, Daddy. Just so I can hug you once more and tell you how much I love you.  So I can thank you for raising me right.  Teaching me how to be kind, how to be loving and how to tell a story or two.  I always trusted you to guide me. And now you are gone.  I miss you so much Daddy. I cherish the memories. I thank God he chose you to be my daddy. You were the best!  And I pray I learned enough from your teachings to guide my son during hard time, always being there when he needs me. I can never be as good as you, but I promise to do my best, like you taught me to be.   I love you Daddy. I'll see you again someday!  And oh the stories we will tell!  Save me a spot by you.
Daddy I know you are in Heaven and I love you so much and miss you! I will miss your stories and laughs we had.
I love you Pa -- you taught me how to fish and how to love.  Thank you for all the great moments soending time together.  I will always remember the support you gave me throughout my life and how your encouraging words helped me grow and learn as a man.  I will keep your stories close to my heart and never forget how you loved our a lord almighty.
He was our rock for so many years .. He missed way too many "first times" but we never forget to tell him about them. It never gets easier, you just learn to heal ...  We Love You Daddy ❤❤❤
He was a Great Man and a good Friend he is and will always be remembered.
fly high my love
Love you bub , you will never be forgotten .
Dad     the time is almost here we will be celebrating a new year and me without you  it is so hard for me to think you are gone the only thing that keeps me going is when you were passing you saw me no-one else cared enough to be in your room   I live everyday with your eyes staring into mine and letting me know your ok  I love you Claude Leroy Smith     the man i call Daddy
I love you Daddy, we both were hard headed but I loved you so much an i am so glad i got to be the one to spend your last breathe with, Nikia and I were there  You are missed and loved  I think of you everyday
She will always be in our hearts and will always be missed she was a great mother a good friend and a wonderful daughter and god took her to be in her new home forever.
Latisha was my daughter
Daddy misses u so much I no ur with me
Son, brother, grandson, friend, good cook, amazingly compassionate.  Miss you everyday. Visit with grandma Dixie while you're there, give lotsa hugs.  Gone too soon.  Miss ya guy!
Miss ya, son!♡♡♡♡♡
Happy birthday honey, MISS U SO MUCH, LOVE ALWAYS
No longer by my side  but forever in my heart
he was such a sweet man i enjoyed taking care of him and getting to know him
We remember you and love you Dad!
Uncle Don was a favorite! He was special, always smiling, forever positive!  It was always fun to be around him as he was such a caring person. He will be in my heart forever!
Dad was a true gem.  He was a happy, generous and outgoing person who filled others with his joy of life.
I love you mom. I will see you one day again. You were my best friend. Id give anything to have you back. You were always there. Fot me no matter what...i miss you more than wotds can say.
Doris I met you only once, however please know the impact you left on the Griffin family will always be cherished.  Uncle Jim still glows whenever mentioning you.  Thank you for the Love you've given, shown and blessed Carole with.       R.I.P.
Momma I miss you so much! Life wasn't easy when you were a phone call away but you sure made it bearable and worth every bump in the road. You were always there for me when I needed advice (or even when I didn't and you were always right) or just someone to give me a push in the best direction. Life is scary and so much harder without you. I'm grateful for everything you ever did, you were the perfect mom, no mistakes only lessons! I love you, I love you, I love you. ❤
Doris was a beautiful woman it was an honor to be able to know her. May her family be blessed.
My deepest condolences on your loss
I loved this lady. Funny, sassy and a great cook. Prayers for your family
Momma I will do my best just like I promised and when I get to those gates I know you will be there waiting. I love you, I love you, I love you.
REST IN POWER.  ASE
BLESSINGS
ASE POP'S
YOU ARE SURELY MISSED POP'S
Mom is with her soulmate she waited a longtime and held out as long as she could for her children and grandchildren her will power stronger than any one person I have ever known she never gave up on a battle put before her but her love for the man of her heart gave in and she needed to be with him for all eternity love you mom forever missed
Dad was a hard-working man that loves his family and would do anything for them his family came before anything and there isn't anything he would not have done for them his love for his wife his soulmate his heart his life his best friend the world revolved around that woman there was never a stronger love then the love of them they were one and the love for his children and grandchildren made him a very unique man we love you and miss you Dad you are forever in our hearts and will cherish them forever and our hearts I love you Dad
I miss you son and forever will. I love you and miss you. You will always be on my pedestal.
You left us way too soon. We lived so far apart we never got to be together as often as we should. I'd like to have gotten closer to you but we did the best we could. When I fell in love with your Mother, I fell in love with all of you. Yall became a loving and wonderful part of my life and I'm so thankful for the time  we had. I got you as a step-son, really a son, and the bonus was you and my son JC already knew each other.  I have wonderful memories of you to cherish and I promise I'll take good care of your Mom and we will keep visiting your wife and children and see you in each child as they mature. So painful to watch your Mom mourn and hurt as I mourn as well. We all loved you and glad for the 6 and one half years you were and are my son. Arlos+
I will always love you and miss you. Hope you found the best rocks ever in heaven.
his is to the love of my life on your 64th birthday, I know on this day you were born, into this world with a mission only you could have envision, though you were one to keep your feelings to yourself. You always wanted to be the one with strength, but inside was a little boy with so many needs, just know this lady loves you, that star is still shining! Happy Birthday to a patriot and a love for life. Always and forever love Donna Kay!
To the love of my life, you will always and forever be in my heart, will always be remembered and will always live on. Always waiting till the last star shines. Loving you Your GOLDIE
To my precious mawmaw your loved and missed beyond compare!!  I don't know how if made it 18 years without you but I promise I'll do What I can to make you proud ❤
Here it is 3 years since you made your transition of the here ever after. Such a beautiful forever. Knowing you want to be is the truth you still live. So my love in your newness enjoy. For all I ever wanted was for you is to be happy and feel all the love you wanted. So I'm still having that last dance with you. and that last star is still shining.  Love you till forever,  Your Goldie  You are free!
I do this to know the things I did for you while you were here with me, to know what I did was out of love, no regrets. For in my heart I loved you unconditionally, still do. would I love to have you back with me in this earthly plain of course, but that would be selfish on my part. All those battles you struggled with, finding out now what your inner self wasn't the true you, just know that with all my soul if I could fixed it all I would have, but it doesn't work that way. The sickness, the mental and emotional struggles, just know love doesn't stop and I will always love you. Now you are at inner peace and for me that is fulfilment of infinity. So with that said I leave you with this love surpasses everything live on my love and peace is finally yours.   Love your Goldie.
o the love of my life , this day  of February 27 was not the end for you just a extension of a more beautiful new existence of your life . This day is a day when you found your heart, it was always there , but in your pain you cover it up. now in your happy heaven you feel it all, love, warmth, peace, and light. It all! Now with a easy heart with no regrets and know I couldn't fix you or make you better, but one thing I could do is love you and I did and still do. So happy for you, I miss seeing you everyday, holding you , and kissing you. The touch of your hand I feel in every way, but knowing the connection and love we have crosses all planes and that is all encompassing. continue having a beautiful life my love. Second birthday of your rebirth into a newness of being. Celebrating all that is yours!    You make living here a  whole lot easier, thank you for staying with me everyday and talking with me more than ever.                     Love Your Goldie Always!
Happy Birthday Mom I Love You!❤️
Thinking of you
Words will never be enough to say!! I miss my best friend so much!!  You use to be the shoulder that I cried on when I was going through everything I went through now you left me and I can't get the women to man advice that you gave me!! RIH BESTIE AND KNOW THAT I MISS YOU SO MUCH!!
I miss you so much there are no words to describe the emptiness that I feel. I never thought I would have to live life without you. I would give anything to see you and talk to you again. I know I will see you again in heaven until the rest easy. I love you forever❤️❤️❤️

Remembering the good times...
April 2019... Happy Birthday Mom,I Love and miss you.
When I think of what a family should be, my mind can’t get beyond you &amp; Pop.Christmas is about family. The very core of what makes the holiday special is the love that we share and show to each other. Merry Christmas Mom,Love &amp; Miss You.
Losing my Mom 2 years ago  ... “There is something about losing a mother that is permanent and inexpressible – a wound that will never quite heal.”
Just wanted to wish you a very Happy Birthday Mom,I Love &amp; Miss you every single day.
At Christmas, we celebrate home, family, and all the things that matter most in life. That's why Christmas always comes with loving memories of you.Merry Christmas &amp; I Love You Mom,David Lee.
Missing you one year later,Mom. So many memories of the times we spent together make me smile, only until the moment when they eventually remind me that you’re no longer here. I miss you every single day Mom,your son...David Lee.
A mother is she who can take the place of all others but whose place no one else can take.Missed you on Mother's Day.I Love You Mom,David Lee.
Missing you Mom on your 75th Birthday …Today is truly filled with memories of happiness, tears and of birthday celebrations that we have shared all throughout the years, Happy Birthday Mom ...your son,David Lee.
Pop,I hope you can hear me  So I can let you know That you were and will forever Be my superhero. So yes, today  I am full of sorrow, But I will smile a little more  With each tomorrow. I Love and miss you every day...David Lee
Just wanted to wish you a very Happy 80th Birthday. Wish you was close and near so we could celebrate.Love and Miss you Pop.
When I think of what a family should be, my mind can’t get beyond you &amp; Mom.Christmas is about family. The very core of what makes the holiday special is the love that we share and show to each other. Merry Christmas Pop,Love &amp; Miss You.
Seeing a loved one in a dream is often a sign that they are trying to connect with you.A peaceful or happy dream may be a sign that they are safe and happy on the other side" ... This morning's dream when i woke at 3:38 am was so realistic.As i awoke i could still hear your voice as plain as day &amp; could still feel your touch as you were handed me change out of your pocket that you wanted me to keep that was papaw's.I got up and looked out of the bathroom window,then walked out front.Why?I don't know.Maybe hopes that the dream wasn't over,i guess.On my way to work i drove in silence &amp; it's now 9:00 am and all i can think about is that dream.I know it wasn't "just a dream",I know you were letting me know you are okay &amp; proud of the son you raised.My first message on here was dated March 27th,2017,which was two years after your passing and i stated that i hadn't talked to you or heard your laughter in that amount of time.I miss you now,more than ever ... "I Can’t Tell You Pop How Many Tears I’ve Cried Since The Day I Was Told My  Dad Had Died  It Seems Impossible Although I Know It’s True Because Everything I See Reminds Me Of You ,I Still Hear Your Laughter, See The Smile On Your Face ,I Would Have Lost My Sanity If Not For God’s Saving Grace.  I Have To Close This Note Now But This Is Not Good-bye, For You Will Forever Walk Softly In My Heart ,And In My Mind".Love &amp; Miss You Pop ...Your son,David Lee.
My Dad... Sadly missed along life’s way,quietly remembered every single day.No longer in our life to share,but in our hearts, you’re always there.Death,3 years ago, may have left a  heartache that no one can heal,but your love left a memory no one can steal.I Love &amp; Miss you Pop.
Hey Pop,wishing you a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY as you continue to watch over me.A wish for you on your birthday, whatever you ask may you receive, whatever you seek may you find, whatever you wish may it be fulfilled.I miss you so much Pop.
At Christmas, we celebrate home, family, and all the things that matter most in life. That's why Christmas always comes with loving memories of you.Merry Christmas &amp; I Love You Pop,David Lee.
Happy Father's Day Pop.I Love and miss you.
Pop,It hurts knowing that you are not here anymore,it doesn't seem real that it's been over two years since i've talked to you or heard your laughter. Although I can’t help but smile with tears in my eyes to think of how we cherished each and every moment of our lives together when you were alive. I miss you each and every day...Your son,David Lee!
There is not a day that goes by that you aren't on my mind. 2 years ago today was one of the worst days ever. You were loved by so many people. Until we meet again! Love you papaw
Remembering my 1st born nephew on the 26th anniversary of his passing.  Not a day goes by that I don't think of you. Enjoy fishing with your uncle Dave,  and tell him I love him.  Loving and missing you always.
It's been 26 years today since you left us and I will forever miss you. love your mom
It's been 25 years today since you left us. Time passes but it never gets easier... I know one day I will see you again and I can't wait to hug you and to tell you how much I love you and miss you.. love you your mom
Happy 42 nd birthday son..love and miss you.
In memory of my first-born nephew.  Forever in our hearts.  We will NEVER stop loving you, or missing you.
I will forever miss you my son.
Today is your angel versery  it marks four long years since you left us. its hard to believe you would be 21 if you were still here and February  you would have been 22. we are still trying to get Noah's law passed i have often thought about giving up but something keeps me going. I am almost finished with school like you wanted in my last semester. I miss you so much just wish you were here. sometimes you got on my nerves playing your guitar while i was trying to watch tv sure wish you were here to play it now.
Good morning, my precious angel.  As is normal, you are on my mind this early morning.  One day, one day, we will see you again.  I love you so very, very much.  We miss you more than you will ever know, but I do know that you are under the best care in the world now.  But yourleaving left world a very empty place.  See you in Heaven.
I went to your grave Sun for your birthday as I have done every birthday since you have been gone I tried to make a piece for your headstone like I always do because I know it would mean more to you if I made it than if I just went and bought one this year your theme was fishing something you loved to do I just wish you could be here to go fishing with me pops just hasn't had any interest in fishing or hunting since you have been gone we love you and miss you very much I talk to you often and sat night as we made your arrangement Cody helped this year I knew you were laughing at me every time I burned my self with that hot glue granny and granddaddy made you a pretty wood cross I am sure you would like it all till we meet again ill be missing you and loving you
Oh my!!!  What a sad day.  You, my angel, would have been 21 years old today.  Hard to believe.  I know you are doing God's work.  I also know if you were here, you would be doing the same.  We love and miss you soooo much.  I would gladly trade my life for yours.  I am hoping you can see mine and your dad's attempt at making a birthday bouquet for you. I am sure you had plenty of laughs watching it be made.  Wish everything could be perfect for you because nothing would be toooo good.  If there was ever a perfect person on this earth, it would have been you.  You far outshine the young folks of today.  You were truly an angel of God and lived it.  The pain is unbearable, but I know you are waiting for your families and we WILL be there one day.  There will be sooo many folks "fighting" to get the first hug.  I am going to sign off by telling you again you are sooooo missed and loved.
Today makes three years you have been gone. It would love to say it get easier with time like people say but that's not true. It does however get different as the time passes I have more good days now than bad but I will never forget you my child. My baby you was my baby you will always be. Sometimes I wish the people that made those pills could feel the pain they have caused but that's not right and I know you would not want me to feel that way. You touched so many lives while you were here those short 17 years more than I will in my lifetime I'm sure. I love you son and miss you more than any words can explain.
Love you my sweet Noah Happy Birthday love you and miss you so oh how our lives have changed since the, day yoy left us I am so proud we have such sweet memories Grandaddy and I will see you one day son there will ndvex be  no one like you.  The sweetest  most loving thoughtful kind hearted young man anyone would have lived for a grandson  love you  Grannee
Today is Noah's birthday.  He would have been 20 years old.  I miss and love him sooo much.  His entire family has been in pain for over two years, but there are sooo many good memories--it is just hard to think of them with the heartache we have.  I will never forget when he ran out my door when a man was stealing plums from our tree and he told them that he knew he was doing wrong and several other things.  I thought he was going to chase the man down the road on foot with the man in his car.  BUT that man never, ever came back.  LOL
I will forever miss you son I miss the little things the most like you coming in the kitchen while im cooking and poking me in the sides and hearing you sing lets go barbie in shower
I miss my mother so much more than I ever thought I could miss anyone. I wouldn't want to bring her back to this earth  but I'd love to just have her back for five minutes in her right mind and body. I miss you mama and I can't wait to see you and Daddy.
I will always remember your laughter and joy and your love for life
Until I see you again
Cant belive you been gone almost 21 years life as been so empty without you here mum me becky miss you so much you was one off the best ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Miss u so much mum wish you was still here with us
I love you Mom. Always and Forever. You're the Best Mom a girld could ever have. See you in Heaven God willing
Hope to be with you  in our father,s house. Love you now and forever. Hope you will be proud of the life we have lived. God bless us each and everyone. Amen
Love You always.
We love you Mom and you are Forever missed. Sweet Dreams up there in Heaven
You’ve been gone a year and I still can’t quite fathom that I’m not going to see you again in this lifetime. You are the best of my memories brother. I love and miss you!
Happy Birthday big brother. You would have been 70 years young today.It's hard to believe I will never see you again in my lifetime, but you gave me a lifetime of wonderful memories to find strength and comfort in. I love and miss you Paul. Be in peace brother - Little Sis
I can't believe you're gone. You were the best big brother anyone could ever have. I'm going to miss you terribly, but you will always be in my heart. I love you, your sister Gerda
Happy Heavenly birthday momma! Love you always!
Sitting here with a slight smile. Your phone is ringing. The picture that comes up, looks like your walking through the door. Hope that means your walking into heaven. My angel, miss you ole girl....Shanda
The only joy in knowing your not here, is knowing your no longer in pain.  Love you, your stubborn daughter.
She will be well missed by us all and those who she came in touch with a very strong kind hearted person I will always remember you as., now rest in peace and we will carry you on in our hearts and thoughts.love you cuz , tell everyone I said hello.we all will miss you.
From your daughter Maggie, u are truely missed, not a day go by and i dont think about your beautiful face, and see your smiling face, and a laugh that i can hear miles away, we miss u dearly mother me and my sister Irene, until we meet again, continue to sleep in peace, Happy birthday mother, from your family and friends
Happy Heavenly Birthday Grandma you would have been 97 years old today, I really wish that you were here with me to see my children and your great great grandchildren. I know that you would just love them to death its ashame that my children and their children won't be able to hear all your stories about your life growing up as I did. I miss you every single day it's not a day that goes by that I don't think about you. Rest up grandma until we meet again
Grandma there's not a day that goes by that you're not in my thoughts I just wished that I was given more time to spend with you but God saw fit to bring his angel home to rest. Until we meet again grandma you will forever remain in my heart.
Until we meet again rest in peace my love I want to say thanks for raising me to be the woman that I am today because without you I don't know where I would be today.
wanted to wait a while before i wrote any thing becouse i am trying to figure out how to put loosing you has done for me and all i can say is you are my buggy and my life will never be the same not quit right i wake up every morning missing that good morning kiss and your beautiful smile and i go to bed every night missing that good night dad i love you and all the adventures that came up in between you were so special and was going to chang the world with your singing i so miss and love so much until we see each other again
I miss you , Nellie . I miss you so much !!! You were so smart , I'm talking crazy super smart,  you always made me very proud . You were gonna become something , you were gonna change the world . And I know you would have .
I will never recover from losing you as half of my heart died with you.  I would literally do anything to have you back.
Happy Birthday Mom! I miss you soooo much. I wish with all my heart that I could take you to a nice dinner and buy you a pretty pink robe. Life is not good without you in it! I miss your great big smile and your voice! I will never forget you or stop missing you! See you at the gate!
Mom, I missed you this Christmas! Your favorite person went home to be with the lord on 12/22/2018 Bill.
Happy 86th Birthday mom! I miss you! I hope you are having the best birthday ever. I love you!!!
I wish you were here mom ..I miss you! Happy Mother Day!
Love you Gram
I miss you mom, my birthday will not be the same without you.
Missed you so much this Christmas.it just didnt seem the same.nerry Christmas,happy new year in heaven grandpa.
yesterday was the 2nd year without celebrating your birthday.and i found myself missing you so very much.i feel as if a hole has been left in my life since you left a different kind of pain from losing my babies but i feel as if nothing will ever be the same without you. no more of your stories,or wisdom.it remains only in my memories and thow at times that is enough to get me by.its not the same not hearing your voice.i miss you so much grandpa.happy birthday in heaven and merry christmas .love you always my sparin partner.
Oh grandpa how i miss you.words cannot express just how much i miss you.the pain of not getting to hear you or see you hurts more then any pain.how i wish u got to see your newest great grandchild.i honor you in his name.rip grandpa iove you so
Its hard to believe grandpa that it has been a whole year without you.we have all missed u so much.coming to terms with your loss has been so hard.i dunno if thevpain of losing you will get better you were a big part of our lives.we will miss and love u for the rest of our lives.rest easy grandpa
It is still hard to come to terms with u being gone.when i was in bc and seen grandma it was hard to believe u werent comong up the stairs.or around the corner.it was hard not to hear ur voice and your laughter i miss u so much..rest easy my friend
grandpa words cannot describe the pain i feel over losing you.your passing has sent a wave of emotion threw me.i will cherish our memoires together,everything you ever told me i will hold dear and the advice you gave me i will carry with me where ever i go.a piece of you will always be in my heart.i will see you in the area between asleep and awake.i will not say good-bye i will only say farewell,bye is so final and i know one day i will see you again.with your smile ever so dear.life without you i cant imagine.you were my best friend one i could always count on,and someone who helped me see many ways of life.say hi to everyone in heaven other family and my babies.i hope you get to meet your favorite actor john wayne and enjoy time with all the celeberities we watched as i grew up. i miss you so much ,my heart has broke and while the pain is great right now i know it will get easier and you would not want me to dwell in sorrow ,but would want to remember all the good times we had together,tractor rides ,gardening,goin for ice cream and so on. RIP to the first man i ever learned to love.the first man to make such an impact on me .see you soon sparn partner .love always your little sparn partner i will miss you so.
Mama you will always be in my heart even though it's been 8 whole yrs that you haven't been with me or none of the family but I know you are in a better place with grandma and you are watching over all of us like always I miss you and love you a lot
Merry Christmas Uncle Marvin
Jr. I know we had our problems when we were growing up, it didn't help that I kept taking your toys. I'm really sorry for hitting you over the head with your own gun. I was so proud of you when you went into the service. We couldn't wait for you to come home from Vietnam. I wish I could tell you how much I love and miss you. Merry Christmas....Your sister Betty "Davis" Wagner
Jr. I wish I could have met my uncle Marvin. I have heard so much about you and I am very proud of the service that you gave to our country. My mom talks about you all the time and she was so proud of you and loved you.
I cried reading this lovely tribute. She sounds a lot like my mom. I am so very sorry Kathy has passed. My thoughts are with you, and I send my love.
R.I.P
Aaron It's the day after Christmas and I am writing today because I couldn't yesterday. Gram got your present and she wore it all day. I miss you terribly grandson. You are the only guy in our immediate family I can talk to. The pain I have will never leave, it just becomes a little bearable. It's a small comfort to know you are only a breath away. Today you got to celebrate Christ's birthday with Him. I bet it was a celebration like nothing on Earth. Sometime soon me and Gram will be able to celebrate with you. Until then, know that I love you deeply and miss you greatly. Pap
Dear Grandson, Christmas is supposed to be a happy time, a time spent with family and friends, but for those who have lost a dear and precious  loved one, it is no longer a happy time.  It is a very sad and heartbreaking  time. Today is our third Christmas without you and the pain of losing you is still unbearable. It is so difficult to get through the day without completely falling apart.  I cried myself to sleep last night, and the tears started again this morning. Things just aren't  the same without you here.  So much grief, so much sadness!   I love you dearly, Aaron,  and I miss you terribly!
Son, I know I don’t write on here like I probably should. Believe me, it’s not because I don’t think about you, but if you can hear me, you know that cause I talk to you and about you all the time. I like to believe you can hear me...gives me a pinch of comfort in this overwhelming convulsion of pain that lives deep in my bones. Don’t worry, I’m not gonna tell you how much I miss you and how sad I am, because for one, no words I write will ever sufficiently express that, and for two, I know you never like for me to be sad and wouldn’t want me to feel like this. I will however, tell you, or should I say warn you.. that the first thing I’m going to do when I get to Heaven is kick your ass for leaving me here without you! The second thing is hug you and never let go again, so I hope you’ve been working out up there, cause I’m a lot of extra weight to tug around! Uggg A-A-Ron while you’re getting strong up there, I’ll continue to find ways to stay strong down here (even though it’s not an easy task when half of your heart and soul is missing) but I know that’s what you’d want from me and I know that’s what others need. I’ll also continue to make sure Carter knows all about you and how much you love (not loved) him. We talk about you all the time. He’s so much like you, it’s crazy! I HATE that you’re missing out on each other here on earth but I know you are watching over him and getting a continuous chuckle over his silly, sweet nature. We love you always and forever ... “ Every step I take, every move I make Every single day, every time I pray I'll be missing you Thinkin' of the day, when you went away What a life to take, what a bond to break I'll be missing you”
My Dear Sweet Grandson, It's been two years now since we lost you.  The pain, the sorrow, and the heartache continue with each passing day. We commemorate your death, but we celebrate your life. We thank God for the 24 years, one month, and ten days that we had you in our lives. You brought so much joy and happiness into our lives. You never let us forget how much you loved us. We miss you more than words could ever describe. We now count the days until we see you again in Heaven with our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Today we are 730 days closer to that glorious day. I love you and miss you so very much. My life changed drastically on October 12, 2016. It has been forever altered, forever saddened, but as difficult as it is to go on living, I must continue on until God calls me home, and I take comfort only in knowing that for you the pain and suffering have ended and have been replaced by unending happiness and joy in the eternal presence of Jesus Christ.
I remember the cute little boy with the sweetest smile. You were always a shy little boy. I wish I could have known you better as you grew up. You are loved by many and truly missed.  I know we will meet again someday.
My dearest grandson. It is 12:36 in the morning on 10/12/18. Like this time has been for these two years, sleep eludes me. Each night I pray and then ly awake with a countless stream of questions that there are no answers to in this life. It breaks my heart to think about how many times in private you may have cried about your situation and feeling so alone. Gram and I never turned you away no matter what was happening because our love for you was and is so great. O how I wish that you had come to us a few days sooner. Now my heart is broken beyond repair. Your pictures are everywhere we turn in our house so I think of you almost constantly. I dread the nights because I know what lies in wait for me like a starving pack of animals waiting to rip my heart out all over again. I fished only once this year. I just wasn't into it without you. Gram and I pretty much sleep walk through life now. Our only good times are when we hear about your mom and her telling us how Carter is or when Kiara tells about Livy. Be safe in Heaven grandson until I can see you and hold you again. I will never stop loving you. Papi
My Dear Sweet Grandson, We miss you so very, very much.  Words cannot begin to express our heartache and our grief.  Today is especially difficult.  It's Pap's 67th birthday, and you're not here to share it.  You never forgot Pap's birthday, and you were always the first one to call for birthdays and holidays.  Our lives will never ever be the same.  The sorrow of losing you makes getting through each day hard to bear and each night completely unbearable.  We love you, Grandson.  We would give anything to be able to see you, to hear your laugh, to get one of your big bear hugs and to hear you tell us how very much you love us.  We must not think of each day as one more day since we last saw you; we must think of it as one day closer to seeing you again.  Hopefully that will be soon.
My Precious Beloved Grandson, On September 1, 1992, you came into this world. You were your mother's first and only son, and you were our first grandchild and our only grandson. You brought so much joy and happiness into our lives. You were so very loved and so very loving. We have many good and happy memories of past birthdays, but our memories are overshadowed by heartache, sorrow, and tears because you are no longer here with us. We miss you terribly, more than words could ever say. Our lives will never be the same.  We love you!  The only consolation is knowing that your pain and suffering have ended and you are in the presence of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Dearest Beloved Grandson, It's your 26th birthday today. Happy Birthday from me and Gram. Thank you for watching over Gram during and after the accident. We were up there to celebrate Kiara's graduation from high school. Needless to say we missed her party as she and your Mom were with me at the hospital. Gram is very slowly healing. Carter went fishing with his Papa and caught a nice fish. When he gets a little older, I think he will be the type of fisherman you are. We miss you so deeply Aaron. I pray about you every night and numerous times during the day. I can tell you getting older is no fun. The only good thing is that each day brings me closer to being with you again. I haven't spoken to Carter since Kristen's passing but I know that he is deeply loved by your Mom. Hopefully iwill get to talk to him soon. He is such a wonderful little man and I'm sure you are very proud of him. It's just a mess down here and life is just so very hard now. I wanted you to know that I love you and miss you so much it hurts. Pappy
Aaron, Kristen is now with you and you two are together again. We all will do our best to give Carter a good life. Grammy and I love you so much and miss you more with each breath we take. This life is just so hard without you to share it with. I have given Carter almost everything I have of yours except the red wooden car a rod and your fishing vest. Some day soon those will be his also. I just want to hold onto them awhile longer since I can't hold you. Pappy
Aaron, I have tried so many times to write lately but it is very difficult for me. Gram and I saw Carter a couple of times last year. He reminds us so much of you. We are heading into two years since you left us. Gram and I can't seem to get much sleep anymore. I think you thousands of times a day. I miss you so very very much. I still have a lot of questions and no answers. I realize now that this pain in my soul will never lessen nor leave. I wish I could help your mom, and sister, and Gram more but some days i can hardly function. I know I promised to help Carter know as much about you and your love for him as much as possible and I will. That's what keeps me going. Your little niece Alivia looks just like your sister. She is just the cutest little girl. When Gram and I are around Carter and Alivia that seems to be the only times we smile and laugh. I'm sorry I can't write more now my loving grandson but this whole situation is really getting to me. I love you now more than ever, if that's possible, and I always will. I pray every day that God will hold you until I can again.
My Darling Grandson, Your smiling face and loving ways Are a pleasure to recall. You had a kindly word for each, And you died beloved by all. Some day we know we'll meet again, But we don't know just when. We'll hold your hand, In the promised land, And we'll never part again. It has been 374 days since you went away.  They say time heals all wounds, but we know that just isn't true.  We miss you more with each passing day.  We can't bear this life without you in it.  You were our first grandchild and our only grandson.  We were so very close.  We had a special relationship.  We loved you so very much, and you always let us know how very much you loved us.  Our lives have changed so drastically without you here.  We love you, we miss you, and we look forward to the day when we will be able to see you again.
I was trying to write something for your birthday but couldn't bring myself to do it. We spent the day with your mom, sister, new niece, and your son. This has all been so very, very hard for Gram and I. We told you we couldn't go on if something happened to you. Your leaving has knocked the breath of life out of us. What remains of our lives is forever changed. Carter calls me Poppy similar to your Pappy. I try to be a male influence on him but I am no substitute for you. Carter asks me the hard question ," Why did my daddy die." I try to answer him but him being only 5 he doesn't understand. Honestly at 66 I don't understand either. I ask God every evening but so far He hasn't answered me. I pray every day that God will hold you close until I can again. Some day soon we will fish on new shores and swim in new oceans. Until that day I try to be a support for Gram, your sister, your mom and Carter. I want Carter to know how much you love him. I can't keep writing through the tears. This empty ness inside is gut wrenching. You taught me a love I never knew before and will never experience again. For this I am eternally grateful. God keep you grandson until I can hug you again and feel your bear hugs again. I love you so deeply and don't know how I'll make it down here without you. My heart is shattered and only seeing you again can mend it. Hopefully God will help us hold on until that day. Pappy
Forever In Our Hearts You've been gone from us one year, Yet your presence is still near. Your smile, your laugh, your gentle ways, Will remain with us throughout our days. The lonely ache doesn't seem to ease, Time gone by could never appease, The loss of your abundant love. Forever Loved, Forever Remembered, Forever Missed
When I Lost You I wish I could see you one more time, Come walking through the door. But I know it is impossible, I will hear your voice no more. I know you can feel my tears, And you don't want me to cry. Yet my heart is broken, Because I can't understand why, Someone so precious had to die. I pray that God will give me strength, And somehow get me through. As I struggle with this heartache, That came when I lost you.
The moment that you died, My heart was torn in two, One side filled with heartache, The other died with you. I often lie awake at night, When the world is fast asleep, And take a walk down memory lane, With tears upon my cheeks. Remembering you is easy, I do it every day. But missing you is heartache, That never goes away. I hold you tightly with my heart, And there you will remain, Until the joyous day arrives, That we will meet again.
Today is Wednesday, October 11.  Last year October 11 was a Tuesday.  Little did we know when we went to bed that night that we would get the absolute worst news of our entire lives the next morning, our beloved grandson was gone.  Our hearts were broken into a million pieces, our lives were shattered beyond repair.  There has never been, nor will there ever be any worse pain, or sorrow, or heartache than the loss of our only grandson. We were always so very close.  We had a special bond, a special relationship.  We love you, we miss you, we will never forget you.  We look forward to the day when we will see you again.
My Darling Grandson, It's been almost a year now since you went away. The pain is still so hard to bear, We know it's here to stay. We miss your laugh you shared with us, When we felt sad and blue. You always chased our tears away, Just by being you. The days are long and so very sad, But somehow we must go on. One day we all will meet again, And our sorrows will all be gone. I love you so very much.  I miss you terribly!  The pain and sorrow are unbearable.  The heartache only increases with each new day.
Those we love don't go away, They walk beside us every day. Unseen, unheard, but always near, So loved, so missed, so very dear. My Darling Grandson, It has been almost a year now since you went away.  They say time heals all wounds, but the wound from losing you only grows more unbearable with each passing day.  It's been almost a year since we've seen you, since we've talked with you, since we've laughed with you, since you shared your dreams with us, since we got those big bear hugs that you so generously gave us, since we told you how much we love you, and since you told us how much you loved us.  The pain, the grief, the heartache, the sorrow are never ending.  It is more than I can bear!!
Wish our beloved Aaron A Happy Birthday, Lord. And when you see him smile, Tell him how much we love him, And miss him all the while. Put your arms around him, Lord, Give him your tender care. Make up for all he suffered, And all that seemed unfair.
My darling, precious Grandson, Twenty-five years ago today, your mother gave us a precious gift. That gift, my darling grandson, was the most wonderful grandson in the world. You were our joy. You were our sunshine. We love you so very, very much! We miss you more than any words could ever express. There is a huge, gaping hole in our hearts that can never be filled. We look forward to the day when we will see you again in Heaven. Until then we can only take comfort in knowing that you are with our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Your suffering has ended, but ours will continue until the day we see you again.  You will always be loved. You will always be missed. You will never ever be forgotten.
Aaron, My precious beloved grandson, There is a bridge of memories, From earth to Heaven above. It keeps our dear ones near us, It's the bridge that we call love. And these fond recollections, Are treasured in our hearts. To keep us always close to you, From whom we've had to part. It's been nine months now since you went away.  The memories and the love keep us ever close to you, but we miss you so very, very much. The days and nights are filled with tears.  Nothing can take away or even lessen the sorrow, the heartache, and the pain.  They will continue until we are able to see you once again.  We love you, my darling grandson.
Aaron, My precious beloved grandson, Gone from us 265 days ago today, Leaving memories death can never take away. Memories that will always linger, While on this earth we stay. The rolling stream of life goes on, But still the vacant chair, Recalls the love, the voice, the smile Of one who once sat there. Memories are treasures that no one can steal, This is a heartache that no one can heal. Some may forget you now that you're gone, But we'll always remember you, No matter how long. Grandson, We love you and we miss you so very much.  Each new day brings more heartache, more sorrow, more pain.  I have never in my entire life known such unbearable sorrow.  I cannot bear not having you here with us.  The pain, the heartache, and the sorrow are more horrific than anyone could ever imagine.  Life will never ever be the same.
Aaron, My precious beloved Grandson. God takes the best for reasons unknown, But leaves us memories we are so proud to own. Oh Lord, we miss him so very much, We love him dearly and always will. He left a place in our hearts that, That no one can ever fill. My precious beloved Grandson, I love you and I miss you so very, very much.  Life will never, ever be the same without you here.
We often sit and think of you when we are all alone, For memory is the only friend that grief can call its own. Like ivy on the withered oak, when all other things decay, Our love for you will still keep green, and never fade away. Eight months ago today, on October 12, 2016, you left his world, my darling grandson.  On that day the lives of five people were forever changed.  Your mother, your son, your sister and your grandparents will forever grieve your absence.  The pain, the heartache, the grief, and the sorrow grow more unbearable with each passing day. We love you and miss you so very much.  Our lives here on earth will never be the same.  There is a hole in our hearts that can never be filled.  We can only look forward to the day that we will see you again in Heaven.
We cannot keep from wondering, No matter how hard we try. In our sad and troubled hearts, We keep asking, Dear God, why? Please God forgive a silent tear, A constant wish that he were here. There are others, yes, we know, But he was ours, and we love him and miss him so.
To Aaron, My Precious Beloved Grandson What I would give if I could say, Hi, Aaron, in the same old way. To see his face and watch his smile, To sit and talk with him a while. So those who have a grandson, Cherish him with care. For you never know the heartache, Until you see the empty chair. I love you and miss you so very much!  There is a hole in my heart that can never be filled.
To Aaron, My Beloved Grandson If I had all the world to give, I'd give it yes, and more, To hear his voice and see his smile, And greet him at my door. But all I have are photographs, And memories we made. I cherish them, and I thank God, For the best Grandson He ever made. I love you and I miss you so very much.  Our lives will never be the same without you.
Our Precious Grandson God, I know you gave your precious Son To give us life with you. But we didn't want our Grandson to leave, Because he was precious too. We all are precious in your eyes, And all to you return. We know our Grandson can't come back But for him our hearts still yearn. Our time on earth is for learning, And when our lessons are through, Our Lord will choose the time we leave, And we come back to you. Our precious Grandson is with you, And there will be a day, That we too will leave this earth, And you will light our way. His arms will be wide open, And the wait will be worthwhile, When we see our precious Grandson again, And the splendor of his smile. We love and miss our beloved Grandson more than words can say. Our heartbreak and our sorrow will never end.
My sunshine went away. Grey days are here to stay. No more texts, visits,or calls ..all that's left are memories and pictures hanging on the walls. "Stay strong", they say, time will take your pain away. Time is a healer for many things but not for the pain your death brings. Learning to live without you  is nearly impossible to do. It's like a bird living without his wings. His voice is still beautiful but he no longer sings. For his wings were his lifeline and  joy,  just as you were mine my sweet boy.
Aaron,  I have a bookmark in my Bible that is a picture of you that says 'The best day is a day I spend with you'.  None of us have been able to spend a day with you for the last 200 days now.  Your sudden death was such a shock.  We were plunged into overwhelming grief and sorrow.  Each passing day makes the sorrow more difficult to bear.  We love you so very much.  We miss you so very much.  Words cannot begin to express our pain.  We are in constant distress. We are crying day and night.  We know that you would not want us to be destroyed by this, but it is a struggle just to get through each new day. Life without you in it is absolute torture.  We must put our faith and trust in our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, because there is no other way that we will be able to live through this.  We all look forward to the day when we will see you again in Heaven.
A man, Today is the day after Easter. Man, we really missed you. Thankfully Jesus conquered death so all of us in your family are assured of seeing you again. I went fishing this morning and you were all that I could think about. I wore your fishing vest and used the rod and reel we got you before our last vacation at the lake. I'LL never be the fisherman you are. I got some bites but couldn't land them like you would have. Sometimes the hole in my heart is so big I feel like just falling into it, never to return. The joy in this life for me left with you. I'm sorry, I am trying but it's not even bearable most days. Even if God answered me and explained why this all had to happen, it wouldn't ease our pain. Everything makes me think about you. Enjoy Easter with our Lord. I hope to see you and fish together again soon. All of my love forever. Pap
You are my sunshine. Aaron, There's no sunshine since you've gone, It's not warm since you're away, There's no sunshine since you've gone, And this house is not a home, Now that you've gone away. Today is Carter's fifth birthday and you won't be here to celebrate with him. Poor little boy is too young to understand why his daddy isn't here anymore. Today is also Easter and we must celebrate yet another holiday without you.  Getting through each day without you is so terribly difficult, but the holidays are even more difficult.  The pain and sorrow are unbearable. At least you will be celebrating Easter with our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, the very reason for Easter.  Because of Jesus' love for us He willingly laid down His life on the cross at Calvary.  But on the third day, He arose from the grave so that we could have eternal life through Him.   I love you, Grandson.  I miss you terribly!!
My Best Bud, It's been 6 months since you left us. I have never known a pain so deep as the pain your leaving left me with. We had last talked about you living with us. I told you how much I looked forward to spending my remaining years with you close again. We talked of fishing at the fishing hole, shooting pool together, and just getting close like we used to be. I try so hard to be strong, like you would be, for Grammy. Some days I'm a complete failure at that. I've told God how sorry I am for failing to protect you. I also told Him that if it's necessary, I will stand in the gap for you. It's so hard to write a letter you will never read but I've asked God many, many times to please tell you of our deep love for you and our longing to be with you again. I know your being in Heaven is much better than Flint. I will do my best for Carter for you,  we all will. I didn't know I could love someone this deeply. Thank you for that my Best Bud. I miss you and I always will until I see you again. Pap
Six months ago today, you walked out of our lives and you ran into the arms of our loving, merciful Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.  I know that your suffering has ended and you are now experiencing unimaginable joy, but we are still experiencing unbearable grief and sorrow.  Time has not eased the pain, it worsens with each passing day.  We miss you so very much that it hurts.  It hurts beyond belief.  I know that earth has no sorrow that Heaven can't heal, but right now the sorrow seems to be insurmountable.  I love you, Grandson.  There is not a day that goes by that I don't think of you, that I don't miss you, and that I don't mourn for you.
Safely Home I am home in Heaven, dear ones; Oh so happy and so bright! There is perfect joy and beauty  In this everlasting light. All the pain and grief is over; Every restless tossing passed; I am now at peace forever Safely home in Heaven at last. Did you wonder I so calmly Trod the valley of the shade? Oh but Jesus love illumined Every dark and fearful glade. And He came Himself to meet me In that way so hard to tread; And with Jesus arm to lean on Could I have one doubt or dread? Then you must not grieve so sorely, For I love you dearly still; Try to look beyond earth's shadows, Pray to trust the Father's will. There is work still waiting for you, So you must not idly stand; Do it now, while life remaineth, You shall rest in Jesus land. When that work is all completed, He will gently call you home; Oh the rapture of that meeting, Oh the joy to see you come! My darling grandson, I miss you terribly.  Each day makes the loss more and more difficult to bear!  There is such a huge void in my life without you here.  I can't wait until the day that I get to see you again.  I hope that it will be very soon!
My Best Buddy, When you were a baby and couldn't sleep and were crying, this is what I would sing to you. Would you know my name If I saw you in Heaven? Would it be the same If I saw you in Heaven? I must be strong and carry on Cause I don't belong here in Heaven Would you hold my hand If I saw you in Heaven? Would you help me stand If I saw you in Heaven? I'll find my way through night and day Cause I just can't stay here in Heaven Time can bring you down, time can bend your knees Time can break your heart, have you begging please, begging please Beyond the door there's peace I'm sure And I know there'll be no more tears in heaven I had no idea then how much this song would affect me now. Life is gray without you here, the brightness is gone and I just feel so empty without you here. Gram and I can't wait to get to Heaven to see you and our tears will be no more because it is so very,very hard to stop crying now.  I love you grandson and I always will Pap
Thinking of You With Love We thought of you with love today, but that is nothing new. We thought about you yesterday, and the days before that too. We think of you in silence, we often speak your name. All we have are memories, and your picture in a frame. Your memory is our keepsake, with which we'll never part. God has you in His keeping, we have you in our hearts. A million times we've wanted you, a million times we've cried. If love could only have saved you, you never would have died. It broke our hearts to lose you, but you did not go alone. For a part of us went with you, the day God called you home. Author Unknown
Tears If tears could build a stairway, and memories a lane. I'd walk right up to Heaven and bring you home again. No farewell words were spoken, no time to say goodbye. You were gone before I knew it, and only God knows why. My heart still aches with sadness, and secret tears still flow. What it meant to lose you, no one will ever know. Author Unknown
My Darling Grandson, I love you with all of my heart, with all of my being.  I miss you so very much, my kind, sweet, caring, compassionate, loving grandson. I miss your calls, your texts, your visits.  I miss all those Sunday dinners that we had together.  I miss your big bear hugs.  I miss those long heart to heart talks when you shared your dreams with us.  I miss all those vacations we had together, you and Pappy and I, and all those Christian concerts we went to over the years.  I miss everything about you.  My heart is shattered into a million pieces.  My life will never be the same without you here.  I hope I get to see you again very soon.
Most of the memories I have of Aaron was when he was little.  I remember a quiet little boy with beautiful eyes and always smiling. I always loved the way he said grammy and pappy.   Aaron turned into a fine young man, still very quiet.  Was always a caring young man and loved by all who knew him.  He will always be in our hearts.  Although I did not see him much when he grew up, I love him very much. I know we will see each other again in the presence of our father in heaven.
Aaron, remember how I use to remind you that hate was a strong word, to use it sparingly? Well, I hate that I have to write on a Memorial page for you. I hate waking up every morning knowing that's it's another day without you, another day without hearing your voice or seeing your face..it's torture! I hate that I have to live out the rest of my days without my son, who went from being my little buddy to being one of my best friends. I miss you. I miss our conversations and how you would amaze me with your abundance of knowledge on just about everything. I miss your sense of humor and how we could be arguing like brother and sister one minute, then you'd say something funny and I'd forget why I was even mad. I miss watching you with Carter, it was one of my favorite things to do. You were full of so much love and pride and he'd just light up every time he saw you. Hell, I even miss cleaning up after you and the horrible "music" you drove me crazy with! I blast that horrible music now. I miss you. Life sucks without you. It'll never be the same. I wish more than anything you were still by my side.. you'll always be be in my heart and thoughts and I promise to keep your memory alive and to make sure Carter grows up knowing about his daddy that loved him so much. I love you so much, son. To the moon and back, forever and a day. Death will never take that away.
My memories of Aaron are mostly from when he was a little boy with big beautiful blue eyes and a smile that would light up his face, and could light up a room!  He was sweet and ornery and he overflowed with joy!  I know how much love he shared with his Mom and his Gram and Pappy.  He will be missed so dearly, but we will see him again when we get to heaven!
Aaron Joseph Smith was our first grandchild and our only grandson.  God blessed us with Aaron!  He was our sunshine.  He brought such joy into our lives!  He was our little buddy, and when he got older he was our helper and our friend. Aaron was always kind, loving, and so very compassionate.  He always made sure we knew how very much he loved us.  I thank my God for our beloved Aaron and the time that we had with him!
I love you Aaron and miss you very much. We will see eachother again one day, then I'll be able to get to know you better, your always in my heart, I love you cuz!
I only knew you when you were a baby up to around 3 years old......    Im your Uncle Scott fromPITTSBURGH  your dad's brother. I always regret not getting able to know you  it seems 777]]] you were a cool young man.. I get comfort knowing you're with your father in heaven. Til we meet again in heaven  we love you and  we'll miss you everyday  Love you your Uncle Scott
Arron I walked hills with your mother believing that you would come out faster. When you were born I came to the hospital. So proud of your Mother she made a handsome son.You were little when i knew you and so happy. My Mom would watch you once in awhile and sneak you to Dairy Queen. That is what she remembers most. I wish i was able to see you grow up it sounds like you had your Mom's sense of humor and I know you will always have her heart
A beautiful lady inside and out!! She will truly be missed!! Best neighbor my mother could ask for!! We going to miss seeing u sitting on the porch telling us how much u love us!! Thanks for being a good friend to mother Jackie!! We love u! We will never forget you!! Love u always.., Shawanda, Sugamama, SeNetriA, Dquandre, and Tre
Dear Little Brieson-- 7 years have passed now since you left us.  It still tears at my heart that we hardly got to know you!  I always wonder what you would look like today--Would you favor your two brothers,  Kaiman and Kaidan?  Would you like sports--or reading books--What would your favorite food be?  There will always be questions--why were you taken so soon?  Some day we will see you again and learn all the answers then.  But until that time comes we will have to be content with the brief but sweet time we were blessed to have you in our lives!!  We'll love you forever and always miss you!!  Our sweet little angel Brieson!!
my darling mum the day you left us broke my heart you was my best friend my mum my everything.if tears could build a stairway memories alane I'd  walk right up to heaven and bring you home again..your reunited with nan,gel,jack,keiley.Michelle Courteney your sister pat your brothers,sue,Shannon,your special friend shiela wylie,paul,mark,Lee all friends and family who passed. I cry and wish you was here I miss you my beautiful mum godbless my darling.I love you your Debi xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx godbless all o mentioned xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
The Family, Please accept my sincere condolence for your loss.  Please know that you can be reunited with your loved one, Lola ,in the near future.  (John 5: 28, 29)
was love at first sight! The time was too short!
Our dear Donna, our beautiful Starshine, though you were taken from us far too soon, you will forever be in our hearts. Not one day goes by when I don't think of you &amp; miss you terribly. I know you're at peace &amp; looking down, smiling &amp; shining ever so brightly on all of us.  You were &amp; always will be "my sister from another mother".  I love you &amp; will miss you forever. I give you my promise that I am &amp; will forever be here for your 2 wonderful children, Brooke &amp; Jesse Smith...Always!  Til we see each other again.....
Pappa jou meisiekind mis jou elke dag soos die dae aan stap. Mis ons visvang, ons lekker tye saam ek dink aan jou toe ek jou klein dogtertjie was. Mis jou. Jou plekkie is so leeg....my Pappa xx
A year ago today you were taken from us but your memory will always be in our hearts you brought such happiness to everyone and that we will be forever grateful for this our hearts will always ache for you. MUM we will always love &amp; miss you
I love you marion you where  the best thing to come in to my life and I will never forget you each day  I think of you it broke my heart  when you passed away I am struggling to come to terms with it I know we will meet again and be together  for ever  Christmas just wasent the same without you here till we meet again  remember I will always have the memories and times we shared will  always be loyal to you there will never be anyone to take your place  love john g,b n.f
❤❤❤❤
R.I.p. mum love u and miss you lots xx
miss you more each day  marion  just feel  you were taken far to soon words cannot express how it feels without you you are a wonderfull wife i know we had our ups and downs like everybody else  but we sorted it and  i respect everything about you  you are one brave woman for what you  managed to do i love and miss you so much  and will always love you  untill we meet  again  love   from john
Worked with Marion for a lot of years and was a very special person always trying to help every one and not thinking of herself xx
To a loving mum/nana who will be sadly missed you were one in a million loved by everyone we think about you every day Still can't believe that you are gone just knowing that you are no longer suffering makes things a little easier we will never ever forget you lots of love David , Lorna &amp; kids xx
I have set up this memorial page in memory of my  beautiful wife and sole mate  I miss you so much marion  I think of you day and night  I know that you are at rest now and pain free and this gives me some comfort   you are the  strongest  person I have ever known  I will never forget you you are a wonderfull wife grand mother and great grand mother  to us all  we miss and will always love you till we meet again   fly high fly free all my love   john
Autie Marion you are missed  greatly by all you are now out of pain lots of love margie barry and boys xxx
Mum I miss u so much still can't believe your no longer with us ur missed so much we all love u think of you everyday till we meet again goodnight xx
The other day I came across the picture of you I just posted on here. You are so so beautiful mom and we love and miss you so much and it's so strange not having you near when I have this other grandbaby boy of yours that I know you would be so very excited about.
I love you mommy
Tell me when you get there if you ever get there x
Kris,  As I sit here thinking about you today, I feel so incredibly lucky to have had you in my life. Meeting you was not only such a memorable day but one I will cherish always. Although sadness sweeps over me, I find comfort in knowing that your eternal travels will be beautiful beyond measure.  Let your soul and spirit fly into the mystic
Fly high, my beautiful daughter. Soar with those angels you have always loved. You will be in my heart forever, Kristin Anne.
Your my first thought in the morning and my last thought at night, I will miss you so much and lily and jayden will miss their grandma kris. You made those kids smile, I know you met kolby in heaven your his guardian angel mom. I love you more than you'll ever know.
Kathy,  my heart is filled with sorrow at the loss of your daughter.  Know that I'm just a call away if you need a shoulder or listening ears.  Love Cherryl
My Condolences to Kathy and Family Members. May the Love in your Heart ease some pain.
Justin and Family, I'm So Sorry .  I Meet Kris on Facebook . I enjoyed reading her post's. She Could Make Me Smile and Laugh with Them. And Some I Could Say Yeah That's How I Feel.... I"m Blessed To Have Known Her and Her Adding Me As A Friend.. With My Deepest Sympathy.. RIP Kris
Your light filled my soul with love, and  I will miss our conversations and our adventures. I know your family meant more to you than anything else and that your love for them was boundless. You will be missed dear friend. May your love and laughter live forever in our hearts. Be at peace my loving angel , until we meet again.
Kathy, I am so sorry for your loss. I can't imagine your heartbreak. If you need to talk to someone I am here. My thoughts and prayers go out to you and your family. Love ya, Duf
Dear Justin,       You have my prayers and deepest sympathy in the loss of Kris!  I wish I had the perfect words to keep you in comort during this hard time!  Just know there are lots of people that love you and are there for you! Take advantage of their support! Listen to your Mom!!  Loves 'n hugs, Syd (Hellyer)
Services have been finalized.  Thursday, 11/10, from 1:00 to 3:00 at the Chase Mill at Tracy aviary in Liberty Park....enter from 900 South. The service should take an hour then a light lunch will be served.  We will  have free roam of the grounds as well.
You will be missed Kris!,,  I loved your laugh, I loved your heart!,,  I can hear your laugh still.  I have many good memories of us growing up in Draper, and even though we didn't talk all the time I felt you were always there and always my friend.  I know how much you loved and cared about your kids and family, you were so proud of them!  Go in Peace Kris!   Love you
I will miss Kris and her sense of humor in all things.  My favorite memories are from our early childhood.  Only 18 mos older than me, our grandma was convinced we were twins and always gave us matching outfits in different colors.  We hung out when I visited our grandma and at those times we had some good laughs.  My wish for her is that she is at peace.  She was proud of all of her children, and they are her legacy.
I will always love love and miss you Kris. You were a warm big hearted person whom always wanted the best for her family and children. I will never forgot our good times together and I'll never forget that laugh of yours when you found something hysterical :-) I miss you Kris. Love you so much, Sean..
I love and miss you mom, I will never forget your sense of humor or love of music. I'm sorry we didn't get more time together.
Love and light Kris~ miss you ♡♡♡
Love u mum xxxxxx
My deepest condolences to The family. My brother my friend, in the short time we spent and many conversations we've had you were an inspiration always sharing your wisdom as well as many books you've read &amp; shared with me you will truly be missed. Until we meet again spread your wings &amp; fly my brother fly.
I am sorry for your loss. May Leroy dance in the sky with angels.
Light Candle
Cuzo, Fly high and let your light blaze through the sky.  You are forever loved by many and left your laughter, your smile, the gift of filling peoples' souls with fabulous food.   Rest easy, love you bunches Gina
I miss you dad and  I still  love you with all my heart xxxx
God bless you uncle brian, you are sadly missed R.I.P.xxxx and can you say a big hello to my dad up there for me.xxxx
Grandad, it's been a year tomorrow since you left us and even though I may not talk about you, I can't forget you. You have always been there for me and for every other grandchild and we all loved you for that. Unfortunately God thought that it was your time to go and took you far too soon. I will never forget the long holidays we had as a family. With all six of your children and their children. We all miss you so so much and we will see you again in heaven!
Mum missing you more and more each and every day,sleep tight my darling dear mumma.xxx
Mum miss your more and more everyday I wish I could just pick up the phone and call you . I get so lonely without you mum . You will always be in my heart . We love you mum dearly lots of love your daughter and son- in law and your beautiful grandson xxxx
Love you mumma! Still cannot believe you are gone! Forever in my heart and soul.  Sleep tight my one and only mumma.
It has been 7 months since you went with Heavenly Father and join other family members in heaven but it seems like it was just yesterday. I love you and miss you son. You are on my mine daily and forever in my heart. Still so hard to believe. Sending you hugs.
I Love and miss you brotherbear. You will always be in my heart and the heart of many others.  #4EverOurAngel
I love you cousin. I miss our convos and  your million dollar smile.  I know you'll be waiting for me when its my time to leave this earth.  That gives me great comfort.  Tell my dad and Lindsey that i love them and miss them. ❤
Happy belated birthday to our son, brother, grandson, uncle, nephew, cousin, and friend. We ❤️ and miss you beyond words. Your wings were ready but our hearts were not.
Happy Birthday to my brother in heaven. We love ❤️ you always and Miss you forever!!
I love you and miss you Law
It's been a year since I last heard your voice or seen you smile. I wasn't prepared for your untimely passing, but God saw fit and called you on home. I love you more than words will ever express and I never knew that I could hurt so deep inside. I love you brother and I miss you dearly.  ~Love always your one and only sister, Dameshia Shavon Smith
I can't believe it's been a year. I wish today I could go visit you. Really visit but this will do for now since your so far away. We.miss you everyday., if you could see Emily right now you wouldnt believe how big she is she'd want her grandpa to take her to the gym and marsh for a salad. You were right about time. You were very perspicacious. Only word I know that explains you perfectly .I know you of all people would appreciate that word. Thank you dad. For every bit of you you left with me . I love you.
My Son will be with me forever in my memory.  Every room in my house has something he gave me, bought for me, or fixed for me.  I have a stop light in my garage so I won't hit the wall.  He drove his car in the back yard to put rocks I needed by the wall.  Miss him every day.
I know we all deal differently.i wanted a place I can remember my dad where we can all share our memories of him and his life! My dad was my best friend.Bedt dad,grandpa anyone could ask for.i will forever miss you and remember all the walks we took.Singing at the top of our lungs in the car! You making me go play tennis as punishment lol so you could hit the balls at me because you knew I wouldn't run.! If you have a memory of my father please share.
missing you today and always
This man was my everything. He listened when no one else would. He gave advice even if I didn't want to hear it. He had the most amazing smile and laugh. He was my true hero! I love you dad and miss you everyday
The sweetest and most loved Mother, Sister, Auntie, Cousin and friend. Although you are no longer with us. You will always live on in our thoughts, through your kids and through the love that you gave so freely to any and everyone you met. I know you are smiling down from heaven. You ask that we keep your memory alive. And we do that by gathering once a year to fellowship as a family.
You mean the world to me I love you allways
I miss my dad more with each passing day as set alone at night in his room with tears filling my eyes. I know we will meet again one day but untill then he watches me everyday
Missed and loved more with each day I face without my dad
Here I am again showing I still think of you
Will always love you lady miss you very much
I'm thinking of you  today on your birthday. You would have had a party I'll bet. And a pineapple upside down cake. I'll always miss you, dad.
Happy birthday uncle russ - miss you
Russ! I know you're out there. You and my dad,buddies again. I treasure the days spent at your table sharing memories. I always liked you, but in the final years I grew to love you.  As I used to say,"That's about it Russ." and you would say "Oh one more thing." and I would turn back for the hug and the kisses on our rough cheeks. I miss that and I miss you.
You were the quintessential uncle. Funny, clever, and always fun. I'll never forget you, or Aunt Evah, who was one of the sweetest, most gentle people I'll ever know. Goodby Uncle Russell.
Uncle Russ will forever be remembered by me and my family in New Jersey.  Whether visiting him in Florida or Michigan- it was always a memorable experience.  He brought such joy and happiness to the world.  I will always remember him as a hard working man with strong physical and personality characteristics.  My oldest Samantha had a great visit with him when she was a young child at Orlando's Mideival Times that we have fond memories of.  We all loved him dearly and will miss him and Aunt Eva forever.  Jersey Dave &amp; Family
Great man and Wonderful Family, Love to All...
Thinking of you, Dad. Remembering so many good times, a lifetime of good times. That is your greatest gift to us all. We will remember you forever.
Estelle, Jane, and Marie:  I am so sorry to hear about Anne.  I know that you have many fond memories of her.  She was such a sweet person and I have many memories of her.  Please know that you are in my thoughts and prayers.  Love to all.  Brenda
Estelle, Jane, and Marie:  I am so sorry to hear about Ann.  Please know that you are all in my thoughts and prayers.  Christine D. Hicks
What a blessing to have Ann in our family! She was a joy and loved to laugh. And I'm sure my brother kept her in stitches a lot . So happy that Ann and Billy Gene were able to travel together even though they both had unfortunate health issues to keep them from continuing for long. And I know that Ann and Billy Gene loved each other very much. She didn't want to be alone and he stepped in to make sure she was not. Ann and I had a great conversation about the Lord, and she told me she was saved! So we know exactly where she is and she can finally breathe without struggle. Praise the Lord!! Will lift up in prayer all the ones that love her. I trust that you can be comforted with the fact she is in heaven now. God bless! Love, JC and Judy Porterfield
3 years gone way too long....you would be proud of your children....Jeremiahe still basic life struggles....school ECT....Miracle straight A's just like you!!! Zachariah thriving with our mom❤I promise to continue to make you proud with your children....love and miss you ALWAYS!!
Today still isn't easy for me.  I always think about you.  Miss u.  Your babies are so big.  I know u are proud.  Love u now and forever more.
I miss and love you Denise.I will continue making sure your kids are happy....your Big Sister Carol
I always think of u and can't ever thank u enough for being there for me.  I won't ever forget you for that alone.  I love u
Im miss you aunt Denise!  I think about you all the time! Ill always remember you. I love you! Continue to look over us
We miss and love you always Sister.
Just know that I will always love you till we meet again.
We love you Denise. Continue watching over us and smiling down.
I Love You Auntie! Forever &amp; Always ❤
Life hasn't been the same without.  Man I wish you could see me now. I miss y'all everyday
We miss you daddy, grandad, brother &amp; friend.  Love you always &amp; forever&lt;3&lt;3 Sherrie, Robin, Brandon, Chris, and the rest of your family and friends!
Hello my name is Lindsey and I'm one of Jehovah's witnesses. I just want to say how sorry I am for your loss. I know how painful it feels to lose somebody that you loved so much. A comforting scripture in the Bible has helped me and majority of people a lot when facing a death of a loved one. At Isaiah 25:8 says "He wil swallow up death forever, and the soveriegn Lord Jehovah will wipe away the tears from all faces." what a wonderful timebthat will be when we get to see our dear loved ones again! hope this message helps you!
I was prillivage. To have meet Ms.luella. She had so much love in her  heart,she always  Wanted to make sure that I was alright!  The. Stories she. Told me she told as if it happen  Yesterday.,and always had plenty of humor!  She will be miss!
happy, happy birthday to dear YOU!  here on earth, your dear debbie girl is celebrating YOU and i know you are smiling down with appreciation, much love and endless joy of the Lord! sincerely, mark n arlene
Dear Deborah, One of the most difficult things to deal with in life is the death of a loved one, death is a part of life. The Christian has a blessed hope – that is the return of the Savior Jesus to catch up His Church and bring them to eternal life with Him and God the Father in Heaven.  John 11:23-26 Jesus said to her, “Your brother will rise again.” Martha said to him, “I know that he will rise again in the resurrection on the last day.” Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. Whoever believes in me, though he die, yet shall he live, and everyone who lives and believes in me shall never die. Do you believe this?” Our deepest condolences and sympathies go out to you and your entire family. May the soul of aunt Yvonne’s soul rest in peace.  We pray that God grant you all the strength you need in this difficult time of sorrow. Veronica Mathias &amp; Family (Dubai/India)
Deborah - my sincerest condolences to you and yours as you take a moment to celebrate your mother's life and reflect on all the happiness you shared. My thoughts are with you.  Lots of love,  Izabela
Dear Deborah, My sincere sympathies. Many kind tributes to your mother. Seems like she was a wonderful person who will be missed. She lives on in you and you are truly a special person!  My thoughts are with you and your family. My best, Cindy
Dearest Debbie and Nigel Remember that those we love dont go away they walk beside us every day Unseen, unheard, but always near so loved, so missed, so very dear.... Although no words can really help to ease the loss you bear, just know that you are very close to us in every thought and prayer. With deepest sympathy, Fiona, Gladwyn and Klyne
Dearest Debbie &amp; Nigel &amp; all the bereaved family members, We extend our heartfelt condolences and deepest sympathies at the loss of Aunty Yvonne.We pray that her soul may rest in peace with our heavenly father. Debbie, I stumbled upon this little poem and I'm sure this is what your darling mama would want to say to you. A Message from Heaven, Perhaps you aren't ready yet to have to say good-bye. Perhaps you've thought of things you wish you'd say... well, so have I. For one thing, I'd have told you, not to worry about me.... I'm with the Lord in heaven now .....you know that's where I'd be. I'm sorry that you're feeling sad, for I'm so happy now.... I've asked the Lord to ease the hurt and comfort you somehow. It's hard at the beginning, but I know you'll make it through. I hope it helps to know that I'll be waiting here for you. May God grant you all the strength and peace you need at this moment in time. Luv 'n' Prayers, Aaron, Darryl &amp; Meloney
Your beloved Mother is truly happy now. Our thoughts and prayers are with you. Aloma and David
A woman who loved God indeed, everytime I visited her, she would be watching God TV, her bible was within close reach, I had the privilege joining Yvonne in witnessing to those who were troubled and needed prayer. Debbie you were the apple of her eyes, not a single visit of mine to your mums home was absent from thoughts centered around you. It's going to be hard Debbie, but I think her time on earth was over, leaving you to carry forward the torch she held for so long, so keep running with that torch held high and burning bright !!!!!
Dear Debra My sincere condolences on the passing of my precious friend Yvonne and your beloved mum. I can't believe she left us so soon. May God bless you and give you peace and comfort at this difficult time. Love Grace
Dear Deb Our sincere condolences to you and your family.  Yvonne was a beautiful and sensitive person. We remember her as caring and loving, with a lot of patience. She was faithful, appreciative and thankful for life. These are some of our fond memories of her. We can be confident and comforted by the words of our Lord Jesus Christ: Jesus said to her, "I am the one who brings people back to life, and I am life itself. Those who believe in me will live even if they die. John 11:25 Note: Song in gallery  With lots of love and prayers  Anthony, Esther, Tammy, Jason &amp; Alissa
my dear, dearest deb. pls accept our deep condolences over the passing of yr dear mama.  u have left her such a beautiful and most accurate tribute above.  rejoice that you will certainly see her again, deb.  she has run the race well - now you continue with the torch and all the truths she taught you from God's Word dear, and leave yr mark too on our world.  her life n legacy continues on in u and thru yr life.   “Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted” Matt 5:4  Please know that our Lord Jesus will wrap His arms of love and comfort as you continue to trust in Him. sending viral hugs n continued thoughts n prayers - from mark n arlene
My heartfelt condolences to you and your brother its never easy to lose a parent. But you can be sure your mum is in a much better place and you will meet her some day.  She walks beside you just that you cannot see her. May her soul RIP.
Our precious Yvonne, we can't believe you have gone so quickly.  When we close our eyes we could see your lovely smiling face and that's what we will hold close to our hearts.  It's difficult even doing this tribute without tearing up. We were always very close, you were more a mum to Melvin than his sister, we will miss you terribly but one thing comforts us, is knowing that you are no longer in pain and are save in the arms of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.  It's bye for now our precious Yvonne,  we will see you again soon, because of the hope that we have in Jesus Christ. Melvin, Jackie, Jeremy, Kim &amp; Bethany + Micah
Life is the greatest gift that god has given us, Death is only a bridge towards eternal life with god, Certainly, heaven is rejoicing, for another soul Has finally reached her true home. Our deepest condolences, your mum will be truely missed. May aunty Yvonne's soul rest in peace. We pray that god grant you all the strength you need in this difficult time of sorrow. Michelle, Kerrigan, Keldon and Mckale (The Morris Family)
Sorry to hear about you Mum.  Accept my heartfelt sympathy on the death of your mum.  May her soul rest in peace.  From:  Colleen &amp; Geoffrey Pedro.
Mama, I will miss you so so much but I know you are with Jesus and with the hosts of angels, you will never feel alone again.  I wanted you to live forever and be with me but I have so much of you in me, it's like your right here. I am sure there are medals for mothers and you will win every one of them.  Your doll, your Deborah girl.
Our deepest sympathies go out to you &amp; your entire family. May God give you the comfort &amp; peace that you seek &amp; may the soul of your dearly loved  one rest in peace. Otto &amp; Cheryl   ( parents of Kerrigan Morris)
Darling Aunty Yvonne, Where do we begin to explain the unimaginable loss we feel in our hearts at this moment. Your radiant smile lit up any room. As a teacher, you enriched hundreds upon hundreds of little children's lives every day during your work days, as a friend you were there when needed the most, as a sister you nurtured your siblings, especially my mom as a mother selflessly and with an open heart. You were the family's ROCK. As a mother we saw you love Debby beyond any other. She was your Angel.  As an Aunt you loved your nieces and nephews with maternal love and always welcomed them with open arms. As your niece, Aunty Yvonne you were like my mom and I owe a lot of who I am to you. You gave us so many lovely childhood memories that I will cherish forever. Farewell my darling Aunty Yvonne and may you enjoy your crown embedded with priced jewels for all the amazing works you did on this earth and endless people's lives you touched with your sincere, loving and caring nature. Rejoice in heaven. From, your sister Jennifer &amp; Brother-in-law Everton Suares and your nieces Maralyn, Michelle and Miralla
Dear Debbie, When we lose a loved one here on earth, we gain an angel in heaven that watches over us. May you take comfort in knowing that you have an angel to watch over you now. Our heartfelt condolences go out to you and your family. May God give you the comfort and peace that you seek during this time of grief and may your Mum's soul rest in peace. Chantal, Hazel and Cedrick
Debbie &amp; Nigel. We are very sorry to hear the sad news Although we never had the opportunity of meeting your Mum, we could understand the wonderful person she was by raising you, Debbie. We are confident the Lord is taking good care of her above, she is in a better place, no more pain.  We pray the Lord gives you the strength in this difficult time. You have been an endearing daughter, you gave your all. Your dear Mama will always be with you. Your very own special angel. Andrew LuAnn Charlayne Kieronne
My baby boy I love u so much. Each day that passes the pain gets worse. Ur always in my mind and I always wonder what u would be like if they helped u to live. I don't no how long I can take this pain I have not been able to hold u and Courtney in my arms and give u the love I have for u both. I hope u and Courtney are looking after each other. Mummy loves u both so much and misses both of u to. Tear are falling and I can't stop them its a big part of my life been taken away with u and Courtney not here with me. U were both to young, u needed ur mummy but the angels decided u was to good to stay so the came and took u. I often think what have I done so wrong in life for 2 of my beautiful baby's to be taken away and I feel so sad inside but try and always put on a happy face just so people don't realise how much I'm hurting. Mummy will be with u both when the time is right and I promise I will never let u go. Love u so much baby boy. Xxxxxxx
My baby boy I miss u so much. U would be 6 today and its mothers day aswel so I'm finding it really hard today. Tear still fall from my eyes and pain in my heart. There's a big empty space in my life without u and Courtney. I hope one day we will be together again. Love u so much happy birthday my boy xxxx
My baby boy im missing you so much.  Each and every day is still the same,  it dont get easier.  My heart is broken.  My tear run and my life is just not the same.  You was taken away before you could even open your eyes to see who i was holding you so tight all on my own in that hospital bed whilst you slowly slipped away.  I couldnt do anythink but hold you.  I didnt want to let you go.  You was so tiny.  Those tiny little hand that i held so tight to let you no i was there,  one minute i was so happy that you was here then the words i dreaded to hear that they couldnt help you to stay alive and i was just sat there waiting for my boy to pass.  I didnt want you to go.  I pleaded with the nurse to help and no one could.  I cryed that day and i still cry today.  I have your ashes on my shelf in the front room with ur teddies round you so u will always be with your family.  Your big sister Courtney is flying high in heaven with you.  Look after each other till i see u again then ill hold u both so tight and never let you go.  Good night my baby x x x
You will forever live in my heart.  I am my mother's daughter.  That makes me one special Lady.  Thank you mother for everything you equipped me with and you unwavering love♡.
Yesterday July 17th, 2018 your 36th birthday I was sad for a moment then I decided to change a few things in my life and come out new and improved no more will I let people hurt and use me or abuse me and I made this decision because of you. I don't want to live in darkness when I myself am light I love you roro and miss you much. BIG SIS
Love you
You are the best brother in the world i miss your smile and laugh praying your soul is at peace love ya.
You will forever be missed. Rest in peace and please know that me and the kids miss you more and more everyday. You would be so proud of the kids. I love you forever and always.
I know you're laughing your butt off at us down here but hey you just keep watching over us all specially Michelle and the girls and your grandson....you sure are missed so very much my friend....but lGod called you home and we know you are loving your home in heaven without all of the bs that is her.....until we meet again my friend always thinking about you...The Staggs Family
My best friend my husband the love of my life the father of my children I love you and I miss you I wish I could be with you poppy I love you forever and always your wife
Love you mom miss you to .
Mike was my brother in law and I loved him so so much. He was more than just a brother in law though he was a brother,  a dad, my friend,
It still don't Fill real that your gone, it is like a bad dream and we just can't wake up From. We love and miss you Sarah you will alway be in are harts. We will never for get you big smile, and the crazy and silly thing you always did to make someone smile and Bing  them back up when they was down.  We drifted apart as we got older but always seme to talk when we could or when we ran in to each other. Love you always... Fly high Sarah.
R.I.P. Sarah Smith ★ Much love forever &lt;3
I may not know her, but I will be looking forward in seeing her in heaven. My prayers go out to her family on this difficult time.
Sarah. We have been the best of friends for 7 years. Sisters, partners in crime and so much more. Where ever you were, people would see me. And vise versa. Through the laughs, the cries and the crazy we stood together. You are one of the most fun loving and inspiring people Ive ever known and this life will not be the same without you. I love you so much! And i know you are up there with a paint brush and glowsticks just living it up.
I remember when all of us girl would go to Sarah house and have a party and have. Good time u will be missed a whole lot fly high sarah
To a very beautiful, sweet, loving, caring, and prefect woman. I keep thinking we are going to wake up and this all be a horrible dream. You were taken way to soon. The short time you were here I had the pleasure of knowing you and your children. I remember the last time we talked. We gave each other a hug and said we definitely need get together more. We caught up and laughed. The kids were like my adopted kids, lol. I love you guys like family. Living next to your mom and talking to her every day. I still will be there to help anyway I can for those babies. I hope you are flying high. Smile bright beautiful angel, and please be with us all. We love you and until we meet again RIH.
we love you sarah and were gonna miss you, you were such a great friend and i will never forget you r.i.p. sweet beautiful sarah i will never forget you!!
R.I.P Sarah you were taken from us and your babies way to soon! Please watch over your kids they are a mess without you! We are all trying to do anything and everything we can for them!! We miss you alot!!
I would like to lay this flower for my friend that I will never forget. We meet when we were in Elementry school. Such a long time ago. I remember being by your side when Victoria was born. That was such an amazing experience that I got to share with you. And you share my experience of when I found out I was pregnant with Demian just a few days later. You just kept telling me I was pregnant and I didn't believe you. And you was right. I miss talking with you and goofing around. We were always good at that. I wish you the best in your after  life that you are beginning I hope you have a wonderful peaceful journey. We will always love you and hold you in our hearts. Watch over them babies of you and keep them safe. Love you Bubble!!
I met this beautiful young lady about 12 yrs ago through my daughter they were good friend for many yrs.Sarah was an amazing young lady with a heart of  gold she became very dear to me and my family so much that she. Helped us get a house she use to live in .. And also was in the delivery room when my other daughter gave birth to my granddaughter..She was a great mother and loved her kids very much.She will really be missed and God has gotten him a wonderful angel. R.I.P Sarah..
I will miss Sarah dearly, I met her back in 07' and she was just a bright sunshine. We always danced to great music and when I wasn't dancing I was taking pics.. A beautiful soul gone to soon..
I met you when you was 15 years old and you was always a happy going young lady.  Sarah make sure you Shine bright for those children of yours.  R.I.H. beautiful angel you will be missed.  Thanks for the smiles when I seen ya.. keep shining through the clouds.
Hey cuzin its been 2yrs man
You were a angle so keep looking out for us god bless
Happy BIIRTHDAYYYY cousin i love you so much &amp; i miss you alot
Happy Queen day my angle I love and miss you more than life it self rest easy baby
Happy 30th birthday baby I love you angel
I LOVE YOU WENNY POOH , MISS YOU SO MUCH REST IN HEAVEN
❤SLEEP EASY WEENY❤
Beautiful woman
I love you wenny.. Not a day goes by that I don't think of u...
Its hard to believe you really gone from this earth...i know your watching over all of us ...and i try not to cry but its hard ...i think of all the fin we had and im grateful to have you as a sister. Your memories will always keep me smiling and you'll never be forgotten...today we celebrate your life the way you would turn up and have fun like no tomorrow...i know you watchin so ill try not to cry so much...always missing you never forgetting you and keeping your memory alive rest in heaven/ paradise Lil lady...your our Angel Baby always love you sis
Rest in peace, Wenny until Jesus returns.  You're gone but never forgotten.  Love always.
THERE'S NOT A DAY THAT GOES BY THAT I DON'T THINK OF YOU I MISS YOU SO MUCH IT'S SOME TIMES HARD &amp; EVEN WHEN I GET ASKED ABOUT YOU I TEAR UP I KNOW YOU DON'T WANT ME TO CRY AND STAY STRONG BUT AT TIMES I CAN'T HELP IT.... I LOVE YOU DEARLY WITH ALL MY HEART ..... MAY YOU REST IN PARADISE ANGEL BABY ........... GONE BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN
With each day that passes... You'll never be forgotten.Your always on mind,you have a special place in my heart. I love you baby!!
Love an missing you always baby gurl...RIP....you'll always be alive in our hearts ....
Mommy miss you so much Baby! RIP
My mother grace, was one of the sweetest and kindest person, who took care of her children and loved them dearly,  everyone who knew her, loved herdvery much, be at peace mom in gods loving arms.
Happy Birthday to you!  Happy Birthday to you! Happy Birthday Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday to you!  I love and miss you so much.  I didn't think that today would be so hard to wake up to.  I feel you near me at times and I know you always told me that you would be my guardian angel.  I love you.
I miss you so much
Not a day goes by I don't think of you.I love you with everything I got and ever had.you were more than my aunt you was my other mom.you helped me more in life than you could ever know.I love you aunt blanche and I know you know that.see ya in the stars
Good night god bless lyndsey
My prayers goes out to the family
Miss you Buddy
Tell me how I'm suppose to leave without you.
I miss and love you so much uncle Chuck. War Eagle!
Bring your ass back!
War Eagle!
War Eagle Chicolio lol you know the story Chic, we love and miss you like crazy
I AIN'T NEVER.   But I will  one day ower
The love of my life - forever in my heart.
Lighting a candle in memory of my beloved Grandpa. I miss you and think of you ALWAYS.
You were my best friend you are gone but never forvotten
Sister,   Of all the many blessings   However great or small   To have had you for a little sister   Would've been the greatest one of all. Lesli, the more I learn of you from Shannon, your family, your friends, the more I know you and realize I missed having not just a little sister but a true kindred spirit.  Just know that your daughter is much loved.
Happy Birthday Sis .  Wish u was here to celebrate this special day with you.  Miss you so much . Love you
I won't ever forget all the showers you let me take over at your house. I remember one night I was hanging out with you at your haunted house and we were jammin to Kid Rock. We had on "smokin, drinkin trying to clear my mind" whatever the title of the song is on repeat and both of us just belting it out. We didn't really know all the lyrics but we sure sung it anyways. We had the chorus down though : ) Lesli, you are sure missed! Rest In Peace, Beautful!
I miss you so much sissy.Miss calling you and hearing  your voice ans talk about good times we have had together. I miss hearing you try to say something in Romanian and we laugh together about it. Miss coming to visit you and see you smiling and have a good time with me . I sure miss laughing with you about how to dance in gypsy music
I miss your voice, I miss your laugh, I miss your smile, I miss listening to Stevie Nicks with you and the stories about Fleetwood Mac and every song they wrote you knew everything about, I miss your potatoes, I miss the good incense we used to get, I miss collecting rocks with you, I miss how excited you would be about the simple things in life, I miss watching Princess Bride with you, I miss showing up late with you everywhere we went, I miss getting texts from you, I miss you leaving me notes different places, I miss diving with you, I miss every year the story of the day I was born so much, every year I heard play by play on the hour the events of that day, now it doesn't seem like my birthday without it. I miss watching you do your makeup perfect while you were driving every time, I miss the smell of your perfume, I miss your blinky look you would do sometimes when you came in a room, I miss picking out flowers for my yard that you end up planting, I miss having tents in our yards, I miss blasting music singing at the top of our lungs in the car together, I miss how you would always tell me your little pearls of wisdom about driving when we were in the car, always go over a curb sideways, bridges are the slickest when it's icy, always be aware of black ice and that you can't see it, always turn the stereo down before you turn off the car for your speakers, always keep a quarter in your pocket for a pay phone, and so much more. I miss how we both loved animals and saved and rescued all we could, I miss the cute names you called me. I could go on forever but most of all I miss my mom. No one loves you like your mom does...I love you, and untill we meet again, I'll keep missing you. Love, Panu Panay
I love you❣
I have needed you so much these last few years losing my big brother was the hardest thing ever losing my Mum was horrendous but she wasn't afraid to die cos she new you would come for her then I lost my Dad who was forced to go against my wishes he also had seen you and new you would be waiting for him it gives me comfort to now you can all be together on your BIRTHDAY I just wish I could have just one day with us all together I now if you was still here you would have looked after me and supported me when I needed you I miss you all so much it still hurts time heals nothing you just learn to live with the pain. Shine bright my amazing lovely family I will always  love you with all my heart..
13 yrs tomoz dad i still miss u like crazy at least you all together again with nan and grandad just been showing the kids pictures and talking about you wish you got to meet them all you would of loved them u will always be in my heart and mind love you dad xx
You would not believe how much Dad and I need you in our lives right now someone we could rely on and trust with his Care would be such a relief. I would love to be able to pick up the phone and wish you Happy Birthday I know Mum would be making a big fuss of you with Black Forest gateau and prawn cocktail. I miss you both so much xxx
U was taken away from us to early we were not ready for u to go but heaven needed an u more what i would giver to have u for one more day just to give u that last hug or to say I loved u and good bye that I never got to say it hurts so much when I think about you  but at least i have all my memory we shared together and the laughs and fun we had at least u got me nan and with u now so u can party up there together its been 12 yrs tomoz and it still feels like yesterday they say it gets easy how and when is all I ask u will always be in my heart and in my thoughts forever I love you dad make sure u and me nan party hard and cause mayhem xxxxx love u for ever xcxxc
Happy fathers day I miss you so much it hurts u are always in my heart and thoughts love you always xxxx
I cannot tell you how many times I have wished you hadn't gone that night all the things you have missed all the things you should have been a part of weddings births parties even deaths you should have been there for them all I miss you so much as my brother never new pain like it when you went people say it gets easier but it doesn't you just learn to live with the pain the only comfort I now get is that mum has now joined you and I know you will look after each other and you are both free of pain and worry xxx ALWAYS IN MY HEART AND THOUGHTS AND ALWAYS WILL BE TILL WE MEET AGAIN XXXX
It's comeing up to your anniversary of the day you fell a sleep and become the brightest star in the sky I love and miss you every day .you are always in my heart and my thoughts love u dad xxx
Thank you for being the best grandad you could be for the short amount of time that I knew you , but from the amazing memories I have from just 4 years i know that if I knew you from all this time you would of been and still are the best grandad there ever was xx miss you and love you loads
Tommy you will always be in my ❤ I love you so much please keep watching me pray to see you again
JUST WANTED TO SAY SISTER N LAW YOU ARE AND ALWAYS WILL BE IN MY HEART AND I WILL KEEP OUR MEMORIES CLOSE NEAR AND DEAR TO MY HEART.REST EASY BEAUTIFUL ANGEL
If tears could build a stairway, and memories a lane. I'd walk right up to heaven and bring you home again... Your heart can be empty because you can't see her or you can do what she'd want smile and carry on...  You can shed tears that she is gone or you can cherish her memory and let it live on...
I love and miss you son
Still missing you Mama!!!
Love and miss you so much xxx
Such a wonderful lady many happy memories with you Val you are sadly missed
I Love And Miss My Dad So Much. He is Forever Loved By His Wife Maureen and All His Family. Never A Day Goes By That He is Not Thought Of. Xxx
Happy Birthday Mum Love and Miss you so much xxxxxx
One year has passed and I miss our phone conversations so much. I miss your humor and positive outlook on every subjects. I know you are now in God's hands and are no longer in pain. We all love and miss you.
Hello Dixie Darling, I think of you all the time and miss seeing your sweet face.  I will never forget you and our time together in Junior High and High School and all your wonderful posts on Facebook.  You were one of the sweetest people that I ever knew and I hope that you are somewhere wonderful and beautiful where you deserve to be.  Love to a special angel.
Dixie, always seems there is never enough time in life to acomplish the things we want to do but the short time we had as school chums was the most fun I have ever had ! I relish all those times with you, Susan W., Susan F, Carol B, Sandy and all the rest of us. You are tremendously missed and loved beyond imagination. Forever, you remain our Bestie! .Kathy Pittman Bowen
Dixie, I miss you so much. We had big plans for our 50th reunion You keep me informed thru the years about all of our friends. I loved your sweet nature and sense of humor.You loved your family so much and prayers go up for them. You are now with our Lord resting in peace. I love you Dixie until me meet again.
Dixie I miss you so much. Our phone calls that kept me informed about how all of our friend were doing. We had so many plans for our 50th reunion. Sometimes when the phone rings I still think that could be Dixie. You were such a lovely soul. Full  of love for everyone especially your family. Now there is no more pain and you are with our Heavenly Father. I love you and will miss you.
Dixie it doesn't seem real that you have left us. But I know that you are no longer suffering and you are at peace.  You will truly be missed by all.  Your posts on facebook, all your jokes and just your kind and loving nature will be missed by all.  We love you Dixie.  Until we meet again.
I am selfish wanting you to still be here on earth because you were so much a part of my life. But,  I know you are without pain and in a better place, so that brings me solice.  You were a good friend to me and I will have you in my heart forever.  I love you Dixie.
It doesn't seem possible that Dixie is gone.  So many memories we have of high school and since.  Dixie was my "go to" girl.  I realize she was suffering and I won't wish she was still on earth with us.  She was tired and I know she was ready.  RIP my friend until we meet again.
Dixie was and lovely lady and will be missed by many. Another childhood friend has departed but she leaves so many sweet memories for us who remain..."
OMG, DIXIE!! WE ARE SO SORRY!! THE WORLD HAS LOST A WONDERFUL HEART FROM THIS WORLD!! SO, SO MANY WILL MISS YOUR SWEET FACE AND LOVING HEART!! CAROLYN AND I HAVE PRECIOUS MEMORIES OF YOU. MAY YOU REST IN PEACE AND LOVE AND WITH YOUR CHERISHED ONES. WE DON'T KNOW WHAT LIFE WILL BE LIKE WITHOUT YOU. A CHERISHED MEMORY OF WONDERFUL TIMES. WE WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU. LOVE AND PRAYERS FOR YOUR FAMILY.
Dixie you were always such a beautiful person! I am going to miss all your jokes ..an wisdom..an bible verses. I love seeing all the beautiful pictures you posted an how your positive attitude always encourage all. I will always have beautiful thoughts of you.  John 14...Let not your heart be troubled:he believe in God,believe also in me.In my fathers house are many  mansions:if it were not so,I would have told you.I go to prepare a place for you.   I love you Dixie an rest in peace my dear friend ❤️You are healed now an can breathe miss your sweet smile
It doesn't quiet seem right that my sweet friend is no longer here. Whether we spoke every day or every few months, we always picked up where we left off. Dixie certainly loved her family! To Gina, Julie, Karen and Dennis and her entire family, rest assured in her love for each of you~Sending love and prayers of comfort to each of you. Love, Margie
It doesn't quiet seem right that my sweet friend is no longer here. Whether we spoke every day or every few months, we always picked up where we left off. Dixie certainly loved her family! To Gina, Julie, Karen and Dennis and her entire family, rest assured in her love for each of you~Sending love and prayers of comfort to each of you. Love, Margie
I'll miss you Mom and your sense of humor. I always thought is was funny that you referred to me as "one of the kids"!  You always kept things interesting, thats for sure, and I'll especially miss that. I'm glad you are no longer suffering and that you are in your eternal home with your Savior.
The world lost a very beautiful, kind spirited soul on May 25, 2016.  Was very saddened to hear of your passing.  My thoughts and prayers are with all of  your family members who loved you so dearly, during this time.  Rest in peace Ms. Dixie.  The world loved you and you will surely be missed by many.   :(
Good Bye , Dixie .....missing you ...you were simply wonderful
In just a few short days it will be a year since you left us! As tears roll down my face, I can hear your voice telling me it will be okay. I miss you sooo much. I would give anything to see your smile once more. I love you granny...forever and always!!!!
Granny!!! Or as my kids say "OTHER NANNY" We miss you dearly, you made me laugh, you were a big part of my life, and there is not a day that I do not think about you. I love you and you will always have a place in my heart.  My kids and I think about you all the time, we laugh and then we cry, but one thing we know is that you were a big part of lives and you loved us.
Thinking about you a lot lately. Missing your blunt advice and endearing hugs. I know you loved me. I never questioned it. I know you were my grandmother but you were way more than that. I appreciate the love you had for me and my family. You did a wonderful job raising your children, and instilling those same values in your grandchildren. My heart aches now that you are gone. But I know you are swinging to some blues with your love!
Happy birthday earl I love you and miss you so much!
Hey Earl, think of you always. I love you and miss you Earl. =(
Thinking of you Earl. I love you :(
I love you daddy. Not a day has went by that I haven't thought of you. I miss you and I love you so much.
I love and truly miss you Cousin Earl. R.I.P until we meet again
I love you and I miss you!
Today is June 3, 2017, and its your 2nd anniversary of your passing. We all miss you a lot and love you forever and ever.  Until we meet again my beautiful cousin. Aloha...
Love you always
You are loved daily, just missing you wish to have you hold me in your arms, I love all that you were as my mother and best friend, I been seeing butterflies when your in  my thoughts, or when my heart is heavy, or just when I'm missing you; for it puts a smile on my face...❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❌
May the Sun never set on your Spirits' Fire. May your Soul never miss your temple of your past life. You have awoken into a New Life, an Eternal destination where you will know not the suffering of man kind but Rest in Bliss.Know that you gave your family and friends your All, leaving behind a Legacy of Strength &amp; Beauty. One that will continue to grow and flourish for many generations to come. Lydia, May you always feel warmth in your Afterlife. May you cross over in glowing majesty. May all of your questions about life be answered. May you endure forever with your Creator. Amen.
For my mother, your missed and loved daily
I guess I'm the only one that will be writing you c/o Heaven ! Today is your anniversary June 3, 2016. You are truly loved and miss so very much. The girls miss you more.
It's been a year since you passed away... I think about you everyday... Most of all, I will remember you in my own special way... Miss you a lot ...
Flower for you .
To the Friends and Family of Anthony, Please accept my deepest sympathy.  It is so unnatural and painful to lose someone in death at such a young age.  But be assured that Jehovah God yearns to reunite children with their parents by means of the resurrection.  In the account at Mark 5:40-42, Jesus lovingly demonstrated what his Father will do for us in the future when he resurrected a 12-year old girl and returned her to her parents.  "The hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice and come out, those who did good things to a resurrection of life" (John 5:28,29)
We love you nana, hope you are happy x
I MISS YOU DAD! I LOVE YOU!
RIP Gladys
Gladys was a great lady very good friend miss her so much I think of her often RIP GLADYS love and miss u
I'll never forget you mom. ..I will always love you
Another chunk of my heart gone but not forgotten
Hey Mom,I miss you and think of you every single day..I haven't been,but three times at your graveside,I couldn't stand the thought,but now I'm ready..It has gotten easier over these five years,but you will ALWAYS be wrapped in my heart..By the way ,HAPPY MOTHERS DAY,I will always miss you,I love you Mom!!
I love and miss you like crazy grandma
Mom I miss you so much!
Rest In Peace My Friend Ron Purvis (Boo Bear)
I'm so sorry for your loss! A mother is a very special person.  May GOD walk with you thru this journey.  God bless.  Mona
Mom Just for starters ,You definitely will me missed by your baby boy ! I know you are no longer suffering. I'm sure by now you already asking Dad to help you with something! Just remember you probably no longer need help. I decided to dedicate my garden this year to you and Dad.So if you could ask that the cucumbers do well this year it would be much appreciated, I'm so glad I can make your cucumber salad better then you. Mom I will miss you always ! Love you baby
Mom, I know that you missed Dad and all he did for you and I know that he is doting on you up in Heaven. I'm so happy that you will no longer have pain and the sadness that you had over the last 2 years. What a blessing that we could be there for you as your soul left this earth. I thank God that we were able to hug and kiss you and let you know you were loved. Hope you have the yatzee container going and you win every bingo game from now on. You will be missed!!
Mom I was your first born you were always there for me  we had so many good times lI loved going yo bingo with you going out for breakfast and just talking to you about everything and anything I miss you so much and love you
Granny today is one of your Birthdays, Happy birthday in heaven. ..
Love you Granny thinks about your everyday miss you, and love you!!!
I am a true believer that love never dies.  Your love and presence is a constant.  You are so missed!  Never a day goes by you are not in my thoughts. I look forward to seeing you on the other side dear Rog!  XO
I had the honor to do several aircraft deals with Roger and to meet him and have lunch with him.  Roger was a wonderful guy who had a kinder spirit and was always nice to be around him.
Your incredible generosity and lightness will remain in the memories of those who loved you, dear Roger.  Always in our hearts.
Hey Roger Dodger Thinking about all the good times... time for a road trip !  Cheers:-)
Today we lost you, but we will never forget you. Brad and I talk about you often and share our stories with the kids. Your loss changed lives and hearts and I pray one day all may find peace in your memory and love without condition, just like you!  Missing you forever!  All my love, Dee Dee
Missing you Rog!  Never a day goes by that I do not think about you!  I know you are ever watching over me!  Sending love to you in Heaven! XO Jill
Miss ya buddy ! Till we tip one again someday  Happy Birthday !!
We will always remember your kindness and generosity and of course your wonderful sense of humor!  You will always hold a special place in our hearts, dearest Roger.
Your light of laughter and sharing and friendship is still shining as bright as ever, dearest Roger.  Continue to rest in the peace that you so deserve.
Your spirit is shining even brighter today, on your birthday, dear Roger. You will remain in our hearts not only on your special day, but every day!!
Happy Birthday, Roggie!  I miss you dearly.  Hugs and kisses being sent out to you.  I love you. Dee Dee
Roger was a great person who will not be forgotten.  I am very glad I had the opportunity to personally meet him and do business with him.  His family will miss him I'm sure but they must have many happy memories to remember him by.  God bless.
Never in all of my life have words failed me so perfectly. I've literally tried hundreds of times to explain in writing what Roger Smith meant to me over the last 15 years of our friendship. None of which has even come close. Maybe someday it will come to me, and if it does it will probably fill a book. Until then I am left only with what I feel. I will say what comes to mind easily for me, and to anyone that ever knew Roger. He was a great man. He was a friend and father to many, kind-hearted and compassionate, and one of the most positive and funniest people you would ever meet. To me he was as important as anyone has ever been in my life. Roger... you will be dearly missed by me and many, many, many others. Life sure won't be the same without you.
Little Brother, we will miss you very much. Wish we could attend your memorial service, buy we are unable to be with you in Carlsbad on Saturday, only in our hearts you will be remembered. Lloyd &amp; Bob
Dearest Roger- you lit up every room you entered and every situation you encountered  with your  big  smile and your sunny disposition. You will always be remembered for your joy of spirit and your generosity with your friends, and they were many.  Rest in peace and know that you will remain in the hearts of your family and the numerous friends who loved you so much.
It has taken me a day to collect my thoughts and emotions and come back to write this Roger was more than a friend for more than 25 years. Colleagues in business, friends that were pals in the truest sense..  From California to Texas, to, Mexico, Fla, La and beyond his ever present humor masked only his deep concern and dedication for those he cared about. I remember vividly jumping in a car with him more than once at midnight in TX to rush off to TN to make sure his the teenage daughter, Amanda was OK.. I never had a phone call from Roger where he did not talk about how wonderful daughter she has been to him.. and how proud he is of her achievements and family. I was honored to play a part in his meeting Jill Bishop .. and  write here without any hesitation that he loved her dearly till the end... and he was always loved his dogs as well..another attribute else we shared  :-) Roger was the one person who you could always count on... in good times and bad.. he was there for me in times of tribulation, celebration and thankfully even my wedding..  It will take me a long time to grasp that he is not here  with us physically... but he will always be with me in spirit and I will keep in touch with that memory for ever Till we meet again my friend at that great beach bar in the sky... I will forever your  memory and good works near  B
We will miss him very much. He was always happy and was a good friend.
will miss you roger(smitty) you always treat me right even thought you call me my favorite mexican,i remember last time we came to havasu to visit you and we went for drinks i had the greaters time thank you my dearest friend you always be in our hearts
I will miss Roger so much. No one has ever been so kind and generous in always making me feel like family! His passion for people and fun was contagious.I have been blessed with so many incredible fun times with Roger and Jill and those memories will last a lifetime. Roger, you will forever be on my heart! God Bless you for your'e giving heart.
had the pleasure of working on a few projects with Roger last year.  He was an absolute gentleman in every regard.  in addition to his impeccable manners, he was hilarious.  i really enjoyed working with him because no matter what went sideways on the deal, every time i hung up i was left smiling and laughing.  He had a great ability to brush of all adversity and had a great outlook on life.  this industry needs more people like Roger.  He will be missed but also remembered.
I enjoyed working with Roger when I worked for Controller airplane magazine and was his advertising representative.  He was one of my "All Time Favorite Clients"!!  We had many fun times at lunches, dinners and drinks.  I will never forget Roger . . . his memory will live on!!
Wow, how mortal we all are, Roger and I were the same age. Dear Jill thanks so much for remember me. Our times sailing together on Santa Monica Bay are pressious memories that will never be forgotten. Roger was and will always be a friend that made me laugh, and helped me enjoy life...thank you Roger for making my life more fulfilled. Rest in pease my friend, hope to see you again in the future.
High Flight"  by John Magee   Oh, I have slipped the surly bonds of earth,   And danced the skies on laughter-silvered wings;   Sunwards I’ve climbed and joined the tumbling mirth   Of sun-split clouds – and done a thousand things   You have not dreamed of - wheeled and soared and swung     High in the sunlit silence. Hovering there,   I’ve chased the shouting wind along and flung   My eager craft through footless halls of air,   Up, up the long delirious burning blue   I’ve topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace,   Where never lark, or even eagle, flew;   And, while with silent, lifting mind I’ve trod   The high untrespassed sanctity of space,   Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
I worked with Roger on many projects over the years,  we were not always successful but we always had fun. Roger was always truthful you never had to worry about him. He will be missed by many people in this industry and A lot by me.
I love you, Dad!! I miss you more than any words could ever say! You were truly an amazing man of God! You touched so many lives and helped so many people! Thank you for being my Rock, my advisor, my guide, my protector, my confidence, my reason for life and most importantly MY DADDY!!! I'll see you again one day, until then, I love and miss you dearly!!! Love, Gabe
She was a amazing lady I had in my life I love you grandma y are always going to be missed every year I cry just thinking about the great grandma I had but your in a better place now I hope you are watching over my son he is in heaving with you
I am really missing my grandma she was the most loving and caring person I had in my life. She was a strong ongoing lady and every one had respect for her when she was here.✨✨
Miss you Mam.... I can’t put into words how much I miss u voice ur laugh ur smile....
Really struggling without u mam... its getting harder not easier... i feel I'm all on my own... lost...  my heart is physically hurting... I've been though so much and i need my best friend.. my mother..  life seems so empty without u.... xxx
Cant believe a year as gone by.. miss you so much lovely xxxxxxx
Cant believe it's been a year already! :( you will forever live on in all of our memories I'm so proud to of called you my auntie miss you and love you lots! ❤ xxxx
Well we've reached a year...
Aww Mandy still can't believe ur gone u fought so hard bless u lovely lady inside and out rip Angel lv wendy xx
Lovely lady always ave been growing up in cafe Bryn God bless mandy rip with Walter now a true Angel xx
Listening to your song im in tears again.. i miss our phone calls and you telling me everything be ok because you was always so strong my beautiful best friend.. love you forever lovely xxxxxxx
Beautiful lady miss you, love Sharon ❤xx
You were one of life's bright lights, sadly taken far too soon ,miss your smile and willingness to chat despite time passing by .Gone but never forgotten leaving a void in the hearts of those that knew you . x
Your always in our thoughts Mandy missed very much and so loved by your family x
What a lovely lady your mum  was beautiful inside &amp; out and she will never ever be forgotten xx
Never far from my mind x
Beautiful lady inside and out taken way too soon xx
Its nearly that time u've been gone a year...  I love and miss you so so much everyday.. u should be here.. love you mam xxx
Love you
I never had the privilege of knowing your mam, but I had the luck to look after you. You are a strong woman, and I bet she would be so proud. xx
Always in our thoughts Mandy..... Taken too soon.......x
Can't believe a year has gone by , missed you so much the other week Mandy when we were down for the rugby , met some of your friends who told me how much you thought of me , well the feeling was mutual bought tears to my eyes Mandy ,how I wish you were still here we would have had so much fun , life is a bitch taking you to soon , hope your getting pleantyof vodka up there my lovely
I miss u so much wish u were still here but I know u don't have to suffer no more me and the kids miss u a lot your son miss u i going to surprised him and take him to go see wwe this month mommy doing gd u are our Angel bae rip
Miss you mom
Miss you grandma. I miss seeing that smile on your face. I miss your corky spunky personality. I know you are so happy up there. I hope it's everything you ever dreamed it would be. Love you grandma. R.I.P.
She was a wonderful, carrying , full of love kind of person. She loved her family very much. I will always cherish her for the person she was. I miss you. I love u grandma.
Jehovah has deep love for people. He hates to see them suffer My condolence to the family 1Peter 5:7
I will always remember you opening your heart to me and my family when we moved into the neighborhood. You hosted a meet and greet and so many friendships were formed that still exist some forty years later. Your kindness has always been remembered over these years. You are missed.
A real hope of being reunited your dead love ones John 5:29,28 Jehovah hates death; he views it as an enemy 1 Corinthians 15:26.
I love you and miss you every day aunt Allison
Shine on my friend and fly high
Such a beautiful woman inside and out. Nana we will forever love and miss u so dearly..  Riley Kaitlyn Kinzy
I miss her it still hurts ill will never forget her
Dad,                                                                                                                                         The days are going by and I still haven't figured out how I'm suppose to live my life without you in it. I know you wouldn't want me to be upset but I am. I just can't get myself to do anything and that's not me to be depressed and lay around. I'm trying my hardest to get back to myself because I know you would want me to. So I'm trying really hard for you but I just can't seem to do it.  I promise you I will though it's gonna take me time a lot of time but I will do it for you.  We are Smith's nothing brings us down.  I hope your up there with Pap and I pray that he is proud of who I am. You 2 were my 2 most favorite men in this world now I have my 2 little boys and I hope they act like you and pap 2 great men. Who would do anything for anybody without even thinking about it. I Love you and I wish you were here :(
You were a brother, you are a friend, you are a lover, and I know that this isn't where it where it will end. Everything on this Earth is temporary and I believe that I will only have to miss you for a little while and one day when my time has come and I'll leave this world I hope to see your smile! There is not a passing day where your face does not come to my mind, everyone says that time heals but I now I realize their words are their way of being kind. I never knew what to expect from you and that's why I kept coming back but every day there was no surprise and it's your visions that the world Lacks. Not just me you are missed by everyone and I think I speak for everybody when I say I believe your life has just begun. We know that you are not alone for it is our own selfishness we speak. As time goes by and we have grown maybe a little less we shall weap. For one day it will be tears of joy when we see you again, my sweet Chris, my dearest Adventure, my truly beloved friend!!
I sure do miss you buddy. Fishing just ain't the same.
I love and miss you so much daddy!!
you was a good friend and person you will be missed
I wish i had a time machine just to tell you how much you meant to me. You are the best friend i have ever had. I miss you more each day. You should be here to see that you did good in the lives of everyone you knew. My life wouldnt be the same without you. I love you.
Last night I was looking at the window on the way back home and I started praying asking the lord to let you know I love you and you will be missed and I needed the prayer with amen well matt looks over and says " Sam" I'm thinking  he heard me pray so I'm like " what" he said " everything in front of me went black and something told me to tell you " daddy loves you" I knew you were with me last night I miss you so much and won't ever forget you ! I will be back Friday to visit you ! Please help me stay strong. Love always your daughter Samantha
I love you so much dad my Lil man Isaac Jake has hair on his back just like yu ;-)
Only positive things please for this will be left for his children and grand children
Poppi Donnie,  I just want to let you know how much I always appricated you always  being there for us...  You will be missed bye all of us...      2 good 2 b 4gotten...
Donnie  was the type of guy  whom always had a smile..He loved watching his OU basketball games..  Gather all thr neighborhood kids up and take us to Jefferson Davis Elem. In the summer.. and get a softball team going.. we'd have so much fun...   Poppi Donnie was a wonderful father to his only son Mark..and the best grandpa to my boys Austin &amp; Preston Smith..   And a wonderful father n law..    He al. Donnie loved his dear wife also. she was the sunshine in his life..  Donnie also loved garage sales,thrift stores,camping and going to church ,&amp; tent revivals ...He loved to speak the word of god to people..and loved his old records george jones ,The Beatels...  He also loved going to the car races with his son and grandsons..  Poppi you were such an amazing dad.. You will never be forgotten. We love you     Donnie allen smith. aug.4,1947-Oct.1,2015  Rip
We love and miss you always  Poppi Donnie
Uncle bet...... We will truly miss you, but we all know that when God goes and pick a flower from this earthly field that he makes no mistake of the one he wants. We also know that you are there laying in the arms of your wonderful mother. We love you and will never forget you!!!!!
I love you mom...
I had a dream about you last night. We were sitting on your swing and cinnamon was on her leash. We didn't say anything we just sat there holding hands, it felt so real that I woke up smiling. Then I realized it was just a dream. I love you and can't wait to see you again love haha
Maw , there is never a day that goes by that you are not in my thoughts . I miss you so much it has been hard holding back tears and wishing I could call you you always  seemed to know what to say . I remember all the great memories we shared and you will always remain in my heart you were a awesome grandma and great grandma to BOO we love you Maw yell everyone in heaven hello
I miss my Mom so much.  I miss her voice, her laugh, and her feisty attitude.  I miss going places with her; out to eat, shopping, for ice cream, or just a drive somewhere.  I miss her sense of humor, her beautiful face, her hugs, her  Chantilly perfume, taking a nap with her, her beautiful hair, her chasing my kids around when they were teenagers, and a million and one things about my Mom that made her so special. I miss her chili, her cube steak, her rice pudding, and most of all her big Christmas breakfast.  I pray that she knows how much I love her. I know she is watching us from heaven.  When it is my time, I will see you again, until then I will miss you every day. I love you.
The last few days have been so very hard for me. I miss you and love you so very much. I think it is just hitting me that you are gone. I have had this wall up but now the tears won't stop. I will miss you every second of everyday I live. Gone but never forgotten Mom
Marilyn my dearest most precious woman who who has been in my life since birth! You are always the sweetest loving Drill Sergeant  like my Loving Mother always was!! Your love and care in shaping our hearts and minds for the future was never more inspiring!! You will always have a Key to my heart before, now and for all eternity !! I know we will meet again! God has told me this in so many ways that there is Life after Death on this planet called Earth!! You have your wings now!! And your with everyone we hold dearly in Our hearts down here from Heaven!! Your with My Sonja, My Mother, Dad and Brother's!! And all of the Loving Rest of the Family that passed on as well!! You all will NEVER BE FORGOTTEN!!!! All My Love For You Marilyn!! Please kiss All That I miss from here!!! Let them know they're in My Heart Forever as You Are!! I love you Marilyn and I miss you even more!! Your in God's hands now and everything is peaceful and enjoy the wings that will always let you fly near us and feel the air flow by our tears to help dry them up and Remember all the good times we shared!! You were the inspiration of many Generations of life here!!  You touched so many souls!! I'm so proud to be part of your life!! If it were not from your guidance early on in My Life As that Drill Sergeant that was originally sent here from heaven, I would not be the Man I am today without you!! Your Always in my heart and memories!!  Dana Neal your Warrior at Heart with the Love he wears on his sleeve you help teach in me!! Thank You!!!  Dana
I can't get you off my mind today Maw. I've been updating the families names and birthdays like you use to do. It made me feel closer to you. I just hope you know how very much you are loved and missed. I'm so grateful and humbled to have had you in my life for so long. Until I see you again we'll keep on Tulsa Time
Thinking of you daily and wishing you were here with me today. But God had other plans for you. Missing you much Mom.
Wishing you  were here with me, so you could wipe away  my tears. I have you right here in my heart where it all began from the  start. I'll carry all our memories and treasure them in thoughts. I miss you Mom.
Mom I light this Candle in the memory of  you. Love always your baby girl Barbara Smith
Dr. Smith guided my education and also helped me when I needed guidance in difficult times. He had such a wonderful soul and sense of humor. He was the rare person that could connect with an adolescent in a time of need. Thank you for all you gave! You are well remembered. diane nybo curry
God bless; he was a man with integrity  at a time when it was needed; I remember  he was the driving force, along with Walter Schumacher, Headmaster, in realizing the need for an international examination and I had the pleasure to work with him from 1969-1972 in setting up the 1st Language English IB (which I programmed and taught) at FIS.
I came to the FIS in 1980 and Dr. George Smith was the first Person we got to know. My memories on him was a very warm, kind and charming person, which already in first few hours made a great impression at my parents an me. May the angels lead you safely to your new home.....
Dr.Smith was central to the IB program. I loved his 'Theory of Knowledge' classes. He remained interested in our development long after graduation and I corresponded with him until very recently. RIP.
Dr. Smith was so instrumental and critically helpful in shepherding the first FIS graduating classes with the college process. That had to be quite the challenge. He was extremely helpful, supportive and " guiding" yet without ever making you feel inadequate. His guidance was delivered with warmth, charm and a sneaky, wicked sense of humor.  "We", the class of 70, loved him! Thank you, Dr. Smith. Surely, you are resting in peace.
We are all better people for having had the pleasure of knowing Dr. Smith.  He was a great inspiration to all of the FIS students.
My first day at FIS in Jan 1973, I was welcomed with a big smile by Dr. Smith and Mr. Rowe, along with my siblings and parents. It was such a personal, welcoming experience. I was 14 years old. They both treated us kids with such respect and kindness, I will never forget it. Why can't the rest of the world be like that? Not that they didn't keep us in line through the years, which we needed. Dr. Smith would often say to me, why don't you stop by and see me? I wondered if he sensed that I needed professional help, but from what I hear, he said that to all of us. Thanks Dr. Smith for being your authentic, awesome self to all of us FIS families. You truly made a difference. I hope you are enjoying your eternal reward. Peace to you. Anne '76
Dr. George Smith and I were hired at FIS the same year. My college advisor had stated, “There are three people you must be acquainted with when your start your career in education: the counselor, the secretary, and the custodian, in order to gauge the atmosphere of the institution. Throughout my career, I found this to be sage advice and, needless to say, George was the first person with whom I became acquainted.  When I became administrator at FIS, George was the “point man” for our administrative staff: Dr. Dan Wagner, Headmaster – RIP, Herb Schwartz, Elementary School Principal – RIP, and myself, Upper School Principal. Each time a problem arose, George was always available to discuss the issues with FISers, whether they were the administrative staff, faculty, students, or parents. I remember a few times when I would go to George and identify a problem and my proposed solution … he would smile and say, “I don’t think that will work!” After further discussion, we would both come up with a feasible solution.  George was very patient and understanding, and he had a great sense of humor. More importantly, he was a compassionate person! I will surely miss him, as well all the people who had the privilege of knowing George Smith. Howard Rowe – Teacher and Upper School Principal, 1966-1978
A dear man … a dear soul … you live on in the hearts of your friends, family, colleagues, and “kids,” George! I have many wonderful memories of George and vividly remember his laugh, full of energy and a love for life. What a brilliant and kind man. Although I left FIS before graduation, George sent me a telegram for my graduation in California … what a thrill it was to receive that thoughtful message from him!  Rest in peace, Dr. Smith.
Dear George, thank you for all your kind help and advice rendered also in difficult times when I had to leave FIS in 1977. RIP
Dr. Smith always had a door open.  He listened and always loved us.  And we loved him back.  RIP.
Dr. George Smith was my introduction to FIS. My family moved to the Frankfurt area in February of '72 ... and my first day at FIS, Dr. Smith met me and my parents in his office ... and he basically introduced me to the school and helped my very timid self get situated and feel more at ease with the transition. He'd check in with me, ask how I was doing; I so remember that. He was a kind, compassionate, very decent human being ... and integral to my good memories of my time at FIS.  May George Smith RIP.
My family and I will always have a special place for George in our hearts - he was the sweetest person and responsible for having us at FIS. I remember him telling me: "You can do anything you want to do if you put your mind to it" He is the perfect example of positive energy, generosity and charm.
I remember with great fondness meeting Dr. Smith when I first came to FIS in 1967. He was a great guide to myself and my siblings through the years. He touched so many of us and we are all the better for his great generosity of spirit.
I don't even know where to begin. I was a "lifer" at FIS. I attended K-12 when the school was being shaped. George took us under his wing and vision. We went through an IB Program that he established and mentored. It was an incredible experience. I loved him as my Psych Prof especially. He was so engaging, that I ended up choosing Psychology as my major at Franklin University. When I switched to another focus in the creative field and moved to the U.S., he was most supportive. I have several handwritten letters from him and alumni newsletters with notes. He made us feel part of FIS long after we left which was SO special. When I received that special A4 Kraft envelope from FIS, I got so excited....like connecting to 'home' and my friends. He NEVER forgot us. We were HIS kids. When we organized a reunion in New York in 2007, the database he had left at FIS was sorely out-of-date. 75% of his alumni records had not been kept up-to-date. We started to search for lost alumni via social media and have almost completely recovered this lost information and shared it with FIS. I think George would be proud of our efforts and we did all this because he showed us how important it was for post-graduates to stay in touch! I love you Dr. George Smith!!!!!! #feelthelove Denise Lorraine Davis Class of 1977
George was a tremendous counselor to me personally during my years as a student at FIS ( class of '69) and in the years following my  grad, became a good friend. He was one of those rare people who lived his vocation constantly with openness and ease regardless of the circumstance. One of the things I remember in particular was his interest in each person he met to know and understand how they thought and felt. I suppose there is no greater compliment than to feel listened to and understood and that was his great gift to all those he met.
Dr. Smith was one of the best parts of my FIS experience. He was a truly kind and decent man. I recall how he'd always say "Good Morning" no matter what time of day it was.
Starting with his years at the University of Florida George knew three generations of my family.... I think we were all pretty lucky to know him . Clarice Helfand
It is hard to believe that this wonderful man is gone. I had the pleasure and honour to meet Dr. Smith as an FIS Student. In very hard times durng my Junior year, he was a wonderful guide who helped me with wisdom, listening and understanding through my turmoil. I am confident to say that if it had not been for George Smith, I would have never graduated from FIS and become what I am today. For that, I shall always hold him in the highest esteem and will be forever grateful. My thoughts go to his Family and loved ones.  Daniel Bitton
Fond memories of FIS, thanks also to Dr. Smith who hired me in 1976 as Secretary/ Switchboard Operator in Old Main Reception. - Waltraud
I was one of 16 students in the first graduating class at FIS in 1967. George had a tremendous influence on my career as a professor of psychology. He suggested courses and volunteer experiences like helping in Mr Horner's 4th grade class, and he ran a great little 'Psychology Club' with me and three or four other students where we did perception experiments. This more than anything else persuaded me to become a clinical psychologist and researcher. He was a terrific role model. About two days after I started attending FIS, he called me into his office and asked me how I was doing at the new school. I said, "I love it." He said, with a truly astonished air, "Already??"  This gave me a feeling of accomplishment that I was fitting in quickly.  After I graduated he sent me friendly handwritten letters for many years.  I thank FIS for bringing me and my classmates together with this remarkable, caring counselor. Carl von Baeyer www.tinyurl.com/cvb-pubs FIS class of 1967
I had the privilege of working with George when he started at FIS. We became very good friends and I remember he invited us out to dinner when he became aware that we were leaving FIS. He enjoyed coming over to our apartment for dinner and bridge.
I was at FIS only for my last two years before graduation in 1980.  But those were the two best years by far of my schooling life.  Dr. Smith was the first person we met when we came to check out the school. Very charming and a true gentleman.  Loved my interactions with him.  RIP.
Dr. Smith.... He was one of a few teacher I have never forgotten. He kindled my love of psychology and was supportive in times of need.  I remember his love for his little Fiat Spider and passing him on the autobahn (on rare occasions when my dad let me take his Porsche to school) and he would say to me "I saw this blue flash pass me this morning....." And we would have a good laugh!  Dr. Smith... I just know you are cruising along in your sports car of choice right now and know how much you are loved and missed!!
Like so many others in the FIS community, I was deeply saddened to learn of George's passing. As a proud member of the graduating class of 1969, I was very fortunate to have found a friend and mentor in George who positively influenced my life.  Lawrence E. Olson, PhD, MBA "FIS Class of 1969"
I too am an FIS graduate...1971. And I too had Dr. Smith as my psychology teacher. I am so sad that death has stolen him from us but am so grateful for his many contributions and the great legacy he leaves. His passion for people and education was felt by all. I so loved every class I had with him. With prayers of healing and comfort for those he leaves behind. ~Nancy Sullivan Aguiar
Dr. Smith was such a blessing to FIS. He was an outstanding psychology instructor. He encouraged me in my choice of careers, and even now he has an influence. I continue to reach a bit further than I had originally intended. Thank you again. Diane (Nybo)
Dr. Smith you will be missed! You were important in my life and I thank you for your help and guidance. We’ll catch up again some day...
George was such an integral part of FIS.  It seems a part of my past has died with him, but I can always have the memories of our association with him through our sons education at FIS. Ruth &amp; Kurt Muller
Dr. Smith was a wonderful teacher and friend and he will be missed.  I loved his sense of humor and quirky way of looking at the world. I also remember another thing he said. He wondered whether the fact that FIS was such a welcoming and safe place for students did them a disservice when they went out into a tougher, less kind world.  That students would have a difficult time dealing with adversity that might meet them in the world.  I would say "No" to that. Recent events have shown that the connections formed at FIS have been a source of great comfort and strength for those who reach out to the community. We are proud to be part of the FIS family.
Dr. Smith was such an FIS fixture - it won't be the same without him! He was also my first psychology teacher; I wish I had told him that that class eventually - many years later - led to my going on to earn a PhD in Clinical Psychology! I especially remember his sense of humor and that he always had time to talk if you needed to.
I never had the pleasure of meeting George, but his name is somewhat of a legend here at FIS. His colleagues speak of a man who was both a talented professional and also gifted in his ability to relate to students.  Our yearbooks show pictures of a man who was quick to smile and actively involved in every aspect of FIS life.  He was instrumental in the founding the International Baccalaureate Diploma, and in doing so, has impacted the lives of tens of thousands of students around the world.  As an educator, I know I would have greatly admired him as a colleague. As a father, I know that he would be the type of individual I would want my son or daughter to have in their corner as they navigate the challenges of adolescence and college admissions.  As the Head of Frankfurt International School, I can say that his legacy will remain a source of pride for our school as we seek to follow the example he has set for us all.  Dr. Paul Fochtman Head of School
It is hard to imagine FIS without George Smith. He was my IB psychology teacher and every class was a voyage of discovery, Dr Smith's enthusiasm for the subject communicating itself even to the most jaded adolescent. To this day I remember his great explanation of Maslowe's Hierarchy of Needs! He radiated positive energy: every student left meetings with Dr Smith feeling like an amazing person. His generous nature and ready smile will remain in our hearts. Anne Diss
George was my Uncle. And I recall such fond memories of him over the years especially when we were children and "Uncle George" would come to visit us.  We would come home from elementary school excited that he was coming to visit and there he would be, ready to spend many hours involved in all types of activities with us. He was full of energy and had a special ability to relate to us at our level. (but we had to be quiet in the mornings because Uncle George did like to sleep later than we did).  As an adult, I recall his many visits to see my parents and all of his nieces and nephews with his very special companion Dieter. He had great curiosity about how everyone was doing, what was new in your life, was always enthusiastic, and had a wonderful sense of humor. He and Dieter loved traveling and visiting with their friends in the US and spending time relaxing and exploring on Anna Maria Island where they loved to vacation. He was a special Uncle and we will all miss Uncle George very much. Bob Smith
R I P old boy
Love you sweet mama,forever in my heart
I love you mom
I love and miss you my sweet mother
Pat I  love and  miss  you  hope to see you again  some day.
My Dearest - To say you are tremendously missed is an understatement.  Life is not the same without you.  Thank you for being such a wonderful father to our children and caring husband and friend and mate.  Our married life was something out of a fantasy book and you are missed more than I can ever tell you! Lorraine 3/17/09
Happy Birthday, "Grandpa Wally!"
Dad kept us safe. He kept us fed. He kept us educated. He kept us entertained. He brought us to Disneyland. He enabled us to travel throughout the world. He disciplined us when we needed to be disciplined. He spoiled my Mom with anything she wanted. In the 60’s, he was the role model depicted in these shows:  Father Knows Best My Three Sons The Andy Griffith Show The Dick Van Dyke Show Mr. Cleaver in Leave It To Beaver Make Room For Daddy He was the best Dad anyone could be blessed with. I'll see you in the back left corner of Heaven, Dad. I love you like a Brother.
Happy Birthday Uncle Wally
Happy Birthday Daddy.  We are all together and celebrating your life.  A day doesn't go by that I don't miss you.  A week doesn't go by that I don't quote you.  I know you are with us every step of the way. XOXOXO
We have been blessed to have had Wally as a husband and father to our five children.  We had 67 years together and we all agree we were not prepared to see him leave us.  He was a loving husband and father and we could ask no more of him.  We will miss him dearly.
Here's looking at You, kid!
Wally was the kind of guy you liked right from the start.  I did...so much so in fact that I decided to attempt to become his son-in-law.  I was successful in that effort, and at least from my perspective, it was a most fortunate outcome.  Not only did I get to spend more time with Wally, I got to marry his beautiful daughter Shelley.  I am truly honored to have known Wally and to be among so many celebrating his life. Wally was, of course, a loving husband and father, one generous to a fault.  He was also sharp as a tack, and had a great sense of humor.  Few could tell a story or a joke better than Wally.  And I consider myself very lucky to have been around to hear a good number of them over the years. Perhaps the thing I loved most about Wally was his own abiding love of my daughter Morgan.  He and Lorraine were surely the best grandparents any kid could have.  Morgan felt just as much at home at their house as at ours. They truly took her under their wings.  They engaged her in dinner table discussions, both humorous and serious; they encouraged her academically, and they followed through by attending many of her school functions -- even when they occurred during the cocktail hour.  Moreover, they took the time to introduce Morgan to their favorite pastime, golf, at the Alta Sierra Golf Club in Grass Valley, where she not only quickly became known to practically everyone as Wally and Lorraine's granddaughter, but also as a reasonably competent player. So, while it seems woefully inadequate to say, I do want to say, "Thank you Wally and thank you Lorraine...for everything."
I am Wendy Baker, the teacher from Alta Sierra Elementary School who brought Wally to our school and students.  I had started an after-school homework/tutoring program in 1993 and had ninety students participate! I contacted Retired Volunteer Seniors Program (RSVP) for help, and "Grandpa Wally" came to my rescue.  For years, he continued to volunteer in my math class to help children understand math concepts and multiplication facts.  To this day, I continue to distribute and use the multiplication table he brought to us.  He also helped prepare our students in algebra in order to compete in the annual county math tournament. I once wrote a submission letter to nominate him for "Volunteer of the Year," for which he was duly deserving.  He was quite humbled by the nomination.  I also remember him proudly boasting of the many achievements of his granddaughter, Morgan, almost as much as he complained about his golf game! I am still teaching at Alta Sierra Elementary School (this is year 37 with one more on the horizon before retirement), and have witnessed many changes over the years. But, discovering whose life we have touched and how deeply we have touched is always a wonderful surprise.  It is truly an honor to have known such an amazing, accomplished man.  Rest in peace, "Grandpa Wally," and thank you for all you have given us.
Grandma I miss and lie u so much. I would give anything to hold u again.
o all family members my beloved neice vailery will always be remembered by me  as  a very kind and considerate person who loved her children  rip peace neice you will never be forgotten /unckle moody
Mother, words could only begin to express what you've done to prorate us for this life! You we're such an angelic spirit even while here on earth. Although the turbulence of others storms began to frustrate your purpose. You seen it fit to sheild us from the pain and harm that others can bring by moving us to Baton Rouge. I didn't quite understand then but now I understand how you expressed your live for us in totality. You've always consoled others on their journeys as well and that truly showed your strength and determination to enlighten. Even when your sickness began to deteriate you, you still mustered up enough strength to hide the pain from us in fear that we'll give you pity parties. JESUSSSSS!! Mommy, I'm so Sorry you had to endure so much and still be mommy. Just so you know you did an EXCELLENT JOB with the knowledge you had! In honor of you I'm venturing off on a business endeavor that represents transition. My love for butterflies originated from you so that's the trademark and logo, stay posted mommy. I'm sure your proud of all of us! Work light up there cause you've earned your crown here. Love you eternally!!
Carole, it is hard to believe that you are gone from this earth two years today.  Perhaps it is because you are with me every day and in my thoughts all the time.  I speak to you and hope you hear me that you are/were so very special --  so good and so beautiful and so giving.  Your children are a beautiful reflection of you.  And we all miss you every day and every second of our lives.  I love and miss you.
Momma...I never got the chance to say goodbye nor how sorry I am for being the way I was. You did all you could and I took that for granted. I know you can see the woman I have become and I hope you are proud of me. I love you and miss you so.
To an amazing man. You will always be remembered.
Remembering my brother David on his 69 th birthday  Always in my thoughts xx
Remembering my brother David who passed a way 23 year ago  Always in my thought  Glynis xxx
Remembering my brother on his birthday always being remembered  Love  Glynis xx
Remembering my brother passed away 22 years ago always in my thoughts xx
Happy birthday brother would have been 67 today thinking of you always xxx
Remembering my brother who passed away 21years today RIP xx
My brother David smith died9-10-1995 almond while ago he was 47years when he did xx
I LOVE AND MISS YOU JEFF.....IT NEVER GETS EASIER AND YOU HAVE BEEN GONE FOR 32 YEARS TODAY.....LOVE AUNT VIC
TO MY SWEET JEFF I WILL ALWAYS LOVE AND MISS YOU..........GONE WAY TOO SOON LOVE AUNT VIC
You are so missed by so many people. Bess you dear Jeff &amp; Angels watching over you always.
Three years have passed, and I think of her every day.  She was the light of my life, and she will be missed forever. I think she was the most elegant person that I have ever met. Likewise her inner self was most caring and loving  to a perfection. She shared this perfection with her family and friends.
Dear Sweet Carole,  I miss you and especially our sharing of the current events and discussions of our darling grands!!!!  Your beauty and kindness are very much needed in our world and you are remembered every day with love.
Happy birthday, cousin Carole! How I would love to hear your sense of humor and comments about contemporary events. I miss your joy and light. LOVE!
I got to see three of my old college buddies this holiday weekend. Each knew Carole, and after mentioning to them that her birthday is today, each shared a story about her. One of my friends recalled when mom told him that 'he needs to take a shower!' These stories reinforced that she left a warm place in the hearts of so many.  Thinking about my mom all day today on her birthday. We all miss her so much.
My mom remains a big part of our lives, and she still helps us make good decisions. She was absolutely the most wonderful human being.
Dear Carole, 2 years ago today.......I sat by your bed and held your hand........ ......the saddest day ever. What a wonderful friend you were. Our growing up years together from Kindergarten on, each year full of precious memories will be with me forever. I miss you terribly.
Philip &amp; I think of you often, you were a very special person to the both of us. I still have the last text message you had sent me and I read it again today, we miss you dearly!
Susie, not a day goes by without thoughts of you...but I feel that you are near me!  Lots of memories.  Love you always!  Babe
My beautiful, loving wife, You are gone, but memories of you linger forever.  A part of you is here in this house and garden to remind me of you every day.  Love, Lee
Carole was a genuine lady who always had kind words and a  warm smile.She always was giving of herself, her time and she truly cared about her family and dogs. She was a great friend to me and my son, I will remember you Carole, but I know you are resting but still I miss you.
I miss my dear friend. As I was about to add her to my prayers I recalled the email notice about her birth date. I think about the laughs we had, in the garden, over margaritas, with the dogs, Christmas shopping, over hard shell crabs...so many good time. "It's the laughter we will remember, whenever we remember the way we were". Carole, you are dearly missed.
Carole, my dearest friend, you are with me every day....and I send you a special message of love on today, your birthday.  I love you. Merry
It's hard to realize another year has passed without your presence which always added more love and joy for everyone.  We miss your love and beauty. Jim
Dear Carole: The NTM gang misses you. Lyne, Jane and I still meet at Clydes but not as often. You were the glue to our foursome. We all miss you so much. Those few years of knowing you continues to bring me joy. Martha
Happy Birthday dear Sister!  You are so missed by family and friends but all of us are left with wonderful memories of your loving ways....in that, we are very fortunate.....but you know, I tell you each day how I miss you!  Happy Birthday!  Love You, Babe
Sending dozens of flowers your way today, Sept. 4. Hugs are in order.  You are missed more than ever by lots and lots and lots of us (and dogs of course)!  Your presence is as strong as ever in our worlds. Time for a walk in the garden. LOVE!
Carole, my dear friend  There is not a day that passes that I don't think of you, sometimes I  think I see you on the street, or in a car. You are everywhere and I could not miss you more Tonight, on your 76th  birthday you and I would be getting ready to go out to dinner with our guys to one  of our favorite restaurants to celebrate you day. We have a special relationship that began in kindergarten and lasted 74 years. You may no longer be here in your earthly form,  but you are now and forever in my heart  ❤️
We have a statue of a young girl holding a bird in Carole's garden, which I must stop and admire frequently. There is a  brass plaque on it that has a line which says," the most important job is raising your children". A good job was done, and all of our grandchildren have turned out to be "gifted". A grandfather would say that anyway, but I do believe it.
To my dear mother: Annalise and I miss you every day in so many ways. We talk about you a lot because we feel you around us all the time. The world will never be the same without you but it is a better place because you were once here. Today, your birthday, has been the most gorgeous day of the year in Atlanta. We are enjoying it as you would - the first signs of Fall have arrived. Love to all of you who loved Carole. What a truly special person she was.
My Dear Friend, It is April, 2017 and the day is beautiful and so is your lovely garden. I remember the times we sat in that garden and talked and laughed and looked to the future. There are no words to say how much I miss you. Life goes on, days pass and hours slip by and there is always a face I see that is you, a flower I touch that you loved and always the memories of places we were. How precious your friendship was to me, and how terribly I miss you. I pray that you are dancing in the sunshine in your own heavenly garden surrounded by the angels.
Dear Tats and Brandon, I've been thinking of you all day (though, now it's the next day). I so often think of your beautiful mother and how full of grace and joy and love she always was. She is such an inspiration to me. This date must be so hard for you to bear. Just know that so many of us are with you and love you and wish we could bear just a little bit of that pain for you. Love you always, Jeen
Mom - So, so, so beautiful in every way, and ever, ever, ever so missed by all.  As mom aways signed her emails / notes:  "LOVE!!!"
One year ago today we all lost a beautiful person and I lost a lifetime dear friend of 74 years. I will never forget you my sweet friend and will always treasure the wonderful memories we made. You will be forever missed but will remain forever in my heart Gwen
I read everyone's comments and memories of my little sister Suzie and the thing that was apparent to me was that all shared very similar emotions and comments; she was indeed a beautiful (in all the word's senses), loving, outgoing and sharing lady who immediately put strangers at ease.  As always, I am hugely proud of her and will forever miss her unique and pleasurable personality and conversation.
My dear sweet friend, what a lonely day this September 4th has been with out you. Last year at this time we were sitting on your bed going through pictures and reminiscing of days and years gone by. You did not want to celebrate your birthday because as you said "who wants to be 74". So we filled your room with flowers and laughed about funny things and made your September 4th.a sunny day.
Sweet Carole! I miss your joy and light. LOVE!
Happy birthday mom!  You have no idea how much we all miss you; today and everyday.
Happy Birthday Susie!  I think of you each day and want to email you daily to bring you up to date on the family and their activities....you cared so much for them....my dear, you are so missed and loved so much....Love You, Babe
Tara is my dearest friend, and I wanted to write down a few of my thoughts and memories of her lovely, wonderful mother. Carole was the embodiment of beauty and love. Not just physically beautiful and elegant, Carole would light up a room when she walked into it. She had a type of gentle, compassionate energy that put you at ease the moment you met her…..and she literally sparkled. I always loved talking to Carole - she made me feel like I was the most interesting person in the world when I was face to face with her.  It was so clear to me that, like others have said, her highest priority in life was her family. She was great with children, and I know that she simply adored her grandchildren.  It was beautiful for me to witness the very close bond she shared with Tara and with Brandon. She was so, incredibly proud of them both. I have many great memories of all the times we shared with Carole, Lee, Tara, Brandon, and their families. From parties at our old Plyers Mill house in the days before kids/grandkids, to the times I would come over to Carole and Lee’s house when Tara was home for a visit, to the birthday parties for Iona at our house with Annalise, Neil, Isabel, Tara, Brandon, Emily, Carole and Lee, to the garden parties…..so many wonderful times we all shared together. One of the most special things that Carole and Lee did for me and my family was hosting the engagement party for Raj and me. My cousins in Scotland still talk about that evening. Carole and Lee always made me feel like I was part of their family. I loved Carole and will remember her so, so fondly…..and will hold all these memories of our time together forever. I am still having a hard time thinking that she is no longer walking on this earth, but that must mean that her love and spirit are so strong that they will always be here with us. My family – Raj, Etta, German, Calum, Iona, and my cousins in Scotland – all remember her with so much love. One last thing I want to say is that I am very inspired by your mother, Tara and Brandon, and hope that as I go through life, I can be more like her.
Carole, You lite up my life with your kind words and awesome gestures of kindness,you were a tremedous friend. I had the pleasure of working with you for 14 years and kept in touch with friendly and loving emails and seeing you on special occasions.You had joy and such a sweet heart, your smile just made the whole room radiate. You will always remain in my heart and thoughts, and greatly missed.
I had the pleasure to me Carole through my mother and Dr.Smith and in meeting her for the first time she had such positive energy and truly embraced life with a smile that infectious that energy just rubbing off on you. She always asked about me and how i was doing both in life and in school and was always so selfless and loving.
I had the honor of serving as Carole's physician for the past 10 years or so.  She is a woman of tremendous grace, courage, and kindness. I miss her dearly.
I first met Carole in 4th grade and life took us in different paths after college, only to reconnect when we were both Grandmothers.  How she loved her beautiful  grandchildren, Neil, Annalise and Isabel!.  We constantly shared pictures of our "Grans" and relished their accomplishments .  Carole's dignity was legendary, but her strength and the unselfish way she handled this devastating disease of ALS taught all who knew her a life lesson not to be forgotten. Throughout her life, Carole was always one of the most beautiful girls I knew and her grace  reminded me of the soft glide of a feather  in a gentle breeze.  Carole was truly one of a kind. Joy in my life will forever be enhanced by memories of her  and deep sadness that she is gone for now.
Dear Sweet Carole: Truly a lady of extreme passion, love, devotion, elegance and beauty. I met Carole when she called me about the NTM illness and that she was going to the National Jewish Hospital (NJH) and wanted information about my experience with the disease and with the NJH. I called her several times while she was there to check in on her. Upon her return, we met at an NTM support group. It was then that we decided to do a monthly support group at a local restaurant to help and share with each other. Several others joined in.  She often held support groups in her lovely home with her husband Lee and their two beautiful dogs. I remember when a few of  us wanted to see her while she was ill and she said that would be fine as long as she did not cry. She was more concerned about our feelings than hers. That was Sweet Carole. Love of others always came first especially with her husband, children and grandchildren. An amazing woman and I will miss her so. Thank you Carole for your incredible friendship and supporting me through my own NTM. We will meet again.
Carole ( I grew up calling her Susie) was a dear cousin and friend. She was probably the only cousin that I knew really well since we both lived in the Washington, DC area. I looked forward to our occasional lunches and family gatherings. She was so wonderful to my dad when he lived alone after my mother died and came to visit him often at his house and also in the nursing home. She was so helpful to my sister and me helping to take him to appointments or just to take him out for a drive. She was a lovely, gracious person and I miss her a lot.
I have known Carole for 35 years.  She was like a sister to me.  We both shared an unconditional love to our children. We worried together, and cried together.  She was the proudest mother I have ever met.  She was so concerned about the injustice and poverty that surrounds us. A great humanitarian. I miss her terribly.
We first met Carole and Lee when we hosted them with family and other neighbors at our annual Fourth of July cookout. Carole's gracious thank you note to us for inviting the then "new kids on the block" (her words) and the delicious cole slaw  recipe she shared with us were, in Bogey's words, "the beginning of a beautiful friendship". Carole was a generous friend, kind neighbor and warm, loving mother and grandmother. We shared chats in the alley ( our common meeting ground) , dog stories by the thousands, and holiday visits. She ended  every conversation by asking after "our boys", even long after they had grown into young adulthood.We still haven't accepted that her brilliant smile no longer graces us. Gayle and I cherish the time we knew her and the memories we have of her friendship. We will miss her.
As I plant some flowers today I will see Carole blooming year after year.  Hugs and hugs to her family.
Wow, my devotion to Carole is enormous and so there is so much to say.   An awesome human being with a smile that totally lit up the room and melted my heart....I think we met nearly 35 years ago and became brother and sister to a point.    we were 4 mo's apart in age and born within just a few miles of each other without ever having met until MFA.   she exuded charm,  sophistication, elegance, humility and much more but the best is love to all she met.   as I sit here in tears, I bow my head and kneel to this fantastic creature of GOD.    may she rest in eternal peace and we should all be glad that the pain and suffering are now a thing of the past.   perfection has passed and cannot be found again.
Carole, I remember the day we first met and I know you did too.  It was about 31 years ago and our friendship grew from that first meeting.  I have never known anyone quite like you.  You were and still are my inspiration, my confidant, the best mom there ever could be, the best wife, the best grandmother, the best friend anyone could ever want.  I was so lucky.  I have all those memories of us laughing, crying, singing, going to a ton of movies, aerobics class at GW in 1987 and me not being able to keep up with you, communicating without words, you finishing my sentences like an old married couple -- all of that and so much more.  You had all the right values.  You were so beautiful and I never saw you look at yourself -- only to refresh your lipstick.  I am so lucky I got to spend a lot of time with you this past year.  There was always laughter - even when you could not speak.  I could see it in your eyes and you always had a "thumbs up" for me when I entered your bedroom.  I was with you the day you got Jakey for the first time.  You loved Amber, Jakey and Snickers so very much and they you.  You had such a love and respect for animals and nature.  We always agreed politically as well!  You loved your father and I am so glad I met your mother.  Your children made you so proud.  And you adored your grandchildren.  I will never forget my 60th birthday party that you and Lee graciously held in your home.  My friends and 93 year old father talked about that party for years (and we know he lived 4.5 additional healthy years)!  You also celebrated my 70th birthday in your home - a Sunday brunch -- you, me and 14 other female friends who celebrated with us.  I feel your spirit with me all the time and am grateful to Fate that we met, that we shared so many wonderful, meaningful memories that a true friend shares.  I love you and yes, I miss you each and every day.
Carole (Aunt Susie) as we would call her was not only an Aunt to us but also a dear friend. She was loving, caring and always had such a positive outlook that was contagious for Philip &amp; I.  We have so many fond memories together of the time we spent with her that we will always cherish. We have a special place in our heart for Aunt Susie.  She is missed dearly and will never be forgotten.   -  Philip &amp; Samira
Carole’s life was surely God’s prize gift to our children, Tara and Brandon and grandchildren Neil, Annalise and Isabel.  She was the perfect mother and grandmother, always offering unbounded love and support.   Watching them as their futures unfold will serve to constantly remind us of Carole’s loving influence.   Carole will be greatly missed, but never forgotten.
Carole was my dear friend for almost all of her life and from kindergarten through the years that followed, the giggles, secrets, dreams, heartaches, disappointments, and sadness we shared, we laughed and cried and leaned on each other.  As the years passed Carole became a truly exceptional loving wife, mother and grandmother. She adored her children, Tara and Brandon, her face lit up each time she spoke of them and of her grandchildren that gave her such tremendous joy. A prouder mother and grandmother there could not be. She relished every moment she could share a picture or a story of her "flock". As her illness took over, her spirit grew stronger.  She was determined that the focus not be on her but instead on others and wanted to enjoyed each moment always with a smile. She cherished every message, every flower and every card and prayer and was so giving and generous to those around her. In the days I spent with her I never heard her question her illness, her concerns were for her family and her dogs. I have been blessed beyond words to have had her love and friendship throughout most of life's journey and to have known such an exceptional person.  We will see each other again in a better life in a garden of sunshine surrounded by all those she cared for and her loving dogs.  Until then, the wonderful memories will overtake the sorrow and emptiness of her passing into the larger life Gwen
Carole was the light of my life. She was a beautiful, kind, caring, and loving wife.  She had a great sense of humor and had a smile that would light up any room. Her dogs, Jake and Snickers, miss her too. She was a champion for the sick, underprivileged, and animals. I miss her deeply and memories of her will stay with me forever.
As a child, my mom was my world, and she remained my best friend through adulthood. We would often spontaneously pick up the phone to call each other and find the other already on the line, magically! We could finish each other's thoughts. No one knew me better than she did, and her love for me was strong and absolutely unconditional.  The older I grew, the more I realized how many others cherished my mom as I did. I was so proud of her character. Her calm and modest demeanor, gentle grace, and natural beauty were so unique and astounding to all who were fortunate enough to know her. She took pride in all that she did and was dedicated first and foremost to her family, but also to her friends, neighbors, coworkers, and all four-legged creatures, including especially her two labradoodles.  She never complained as she struggled with ALS - not even once - nor expressed feeling sorry for herself or being bitter in the face of this devastating disease. Instead, she was courageous, strong, and accepting, concerned only about the impact of her illness on others. My heart is forever broken, and I know so many others' hearts are, too, including that of my precious Annalise, cherished granddaughter. Let's remember her and smile, and feel inspired by her wonderfully-led life and beautiful character.
Carole was the most beautiful and kind person one could ever imagine. She was the best mother hands-down. She loved her family, which included her dogs, like crazy!!!  We all miss her more and more with each passing day.  Please click on the 'Her Life' link above to read more about our mom, the lovely Carole Sue Smith.
I refuse to believe this , so I light this candle in hopes that you are found safe
I miss you so very much you are all ways with me love until I meet you or see you again
Days have come and days have gone but you are always in my heart and thought forever more. Love you to the moon and back love mum xxxxxxxxx
Adam was so kind and generous to everyone. Loved all his family and friends. Taken away to soon. Gone but never forgotten. Love you always and forever to the moon and back xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx love mum xxxxxxxxx

I miss you and Lv.you.)God take care of my.mother
Mommy loves and misses you baby boy every single day. I can't believe in just a couple days you would have been 6 months old. Its so crazy I feel like it was just yesterday daddy and I found put I was pregnant with you. I MISS YOU BABY BOY!!!!! Mommy loves you Kenai Elijah Smith
I miss you Daddy. You are gone from my sight but always in my heart. I love you always.
Forever missed my beloved Step Father Fred. I've learned a lot from your kindness, care and nurturing. You are the wind beneath my wings. Thank you so much for what you did for my family. God Bless and comfort you.
Happy Father's Day Dad ! I would love to have been able to spend today with you but God had other plans for you.  So I will have to be grateful for the time we spent together. I now realize that once we met you gave me the greatest gift parents can give their children _ ( their time) Thank you dad
Happy Birthday! Thinking of you and missing you always Sweetheart.  Love you forever
Happy Birthday old guy. I don;t know the right words to say, but I am so happy that words were not always needed between us. Your presence and path of life that you led stays with me always. I miss you grandpa but at the same time am very aware of your presence in my everyday. Love you.
Happy birthday dad !  You have no idea the impression you left on me. Each time I visit this site it brings tears to my eyes. I am so fortunate to have pictures of you eventhough I can't hear your voice.  You are in my head.  Missing you on your 94th birthday!
Grandpa, I miss you. But I'm happy that I see so much of you around me. There are times when I am doing something or thinking something and I can feel your influence/presence. I wish you could have met my son. He attended your funeral, the two of you would get along well.
I miss you so much sweetheart, miss talking with you, laughing with you and listening to all of your stories. Sweet peace to you. Love you
Uncle Freddie  may   your   soul  rest  in  peace. You  were a  devoted, proud  and caring  family man. You spoke often of your sons Bruce   and Norman  in  England  as well as your  children in the UAS. Your love for your  mother was unconditional. .Your  smile  and  laughter  were contagious. You always try to cheer up  people along  your path. You never believe in taking a rest because  you spoke of the day when you would be resting in the arms  of  our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ.  .
We unfortunately never got to meet but spoke on the phone many times. Although we never met I've been fortunate to carry a part of you which lives on through your great grandson. He loves to eat rice everyday- I'm told you were same. RIP Grandpa
You and I had a unique bond. One that will never be forgotten and one whose impact will continue not only in my life but my children's and hopefully their children's. Although you were not there physically from the beginning, you more than made up for it in the time we had together, with the love, nurturing and attention you gave me. I love and miss you,but feel your presence and your wisdom daily.
You will always be the light of my life....I miss you so much I can hardly breath
I think of you often.
I miss your calls and conversations. You are always in my heart and mind. I will see you on the other side. Rest in eternal peace
Mom, love and miss you forever.
My dear Terri you are missed more than I have words. We all Love you so much ,everyday I miss you more. you left us 4 years ago today, I still can’t believe your gone from this earth for so long. I look around and see all the many gifts you have Given us through the years brings back so many wonderful memories. Until we meet again, wait for me on the other side of the moon I’ll be there, love Mom &amp; Dad
Merry Christmas Theresa love &amp; Miss you so much. You are always in my heart, nothing has ever been the same since God called you home.cant wait to be with you again, think of you always now we have 3 Angels to look over us. I know your in good hands. Until we meet again I love you so so much, Miss you so much it is hard to explain the pain in my heart,just know we love you. God knew it was your time. Your one of my guardian angels, Love Mom &amp; Dad
Thinking of you &amp; your brothers Frank &amp; Joe miss you all so much. Have so much to ask you tell you. We will be together all of us again. Love you your in Gods hands and I feel he is taking good care all of you
Love you Terri miss you, your our angel
Happy Mothers Day Terri another Mother’s Day without you, it’s hard to bear, Miss you so much, love you forever. I know God has you in his house ,I have you in my heart.  Love Mom
Happy Birthday to my beautiful daughter,we love &amp; Miss you so much. You would be so proud of Brianna, she stopped smoking, she’s back in college with a 4.0 average, doing great has a wonderful boy friend Justin. She works part time doing presintations for a company. Brayden is doing well he’s 7 now , Matthews daughter Riley will be 3 in Sept. and new baby will be here in A few weeks her name is Quinn Theresa. We all miss you so much. Our journey is not over yet , I will be with you when God calls me home. Love Mom
Terri my sweet daughter I miss you so much love you always think of you everyday, you are my angel I have three of my children in heaven your brothers'  Frankie &amp; Joe . I know one day I will  see you all again.
Love ❤️ &amp; miss you so much can’t believe it’s been 3 years I need you so much I know will be together one day February 26; 2015
Terri,  another Christmas without you and Frankie I miss you both so much my heart ❤️ will never mend, I think about you both everyday. I know your pain is gone. Your at peace, I want you to Rest In Peace  I love you so much &amp; miss you more than life.
Love &amp; miss you today,tomorrow &amp; yesterday. Wish I could hug You &amp; hold you so tight. My heart  ❤️ is forever broken in a million pieces . Love you , Mom
Happy Birthday to my beautiful daughter Terri. Miss you so much.  Love you forever, til we meet again.
Today was Frankie's 1year ago God called him home. We were all their with him. We all said our good byes. But we never got the chance to Say good bye to you. You were gone before we knew it. I had so much to say to you, how I loved you so, my daughter. I can never say that again. God only gave me one. I know you and Frankie are at peace In Gods arms. I love you so much and miss you. Love Mom
Terri you have been gone 2 years today. I miss you so much I love You with all my heart. I look at your picture everyday. Talk to you everyday. You are my angel. Watching over me.
Just wanted to say happy birthday a little late. Also we were married on your birthday April 30th. It was 39 years ago.you would have been 53 years this years, also to tell you your a grandmother the second time to a beautiful granddaughter Riley Anne Brousseau. She is very happy, healthy, good. She is daddy's little girl for sure. Brayden is 5years old. So your two grandchildren are smart,healthy. I am now Gigi lost my grandma, when we lost you. Every day goes by all I do is cry for you and your brother Frankie.  I wait for my turn to see you both again. There's not a minute that goes by i don't cry for you.wish I could take you I my arms and hold you so tight. This hold in my heart will never close until I am with you again. Love mom
❤
ndle for my daughter Terri. Love &amp; miss you
Miss you so much. My heart is forever broken.
Hey mom today was like all the other days that I wish I could share with you in person. Found out that Auntie Bunny has stage 4 cancer and the she said that the doctors are giving her 6 months to a year to live. Yeah this is a pretty hard one to deal with. I know what I was taught and what I believe in is true but it still hurts. I wish I had words of encouragement and comfort to tell her but honestly this is harder than I thought. I keep flashing back to the road you traveled and it was rough. Tonight before I go to bed I will pray to God and ask him for strength and understanding not only for me but for her kids and their children and the rest of the family, cause only God can do the impossible and I know I can't go wrong with him nor his word. My heart is heavy and my spirit is sadden but I will continue to grow and be strong for all those around me. Today I found out that another friend of mine's wife passed away on her birthday and I can't even imagine the pain that he is feeling right now. I'm scared mom of going through that if something like that happened to me. I don't never want to feel that pain, but I know I love Keisha with all my heart and some and if it happens that way then I can say thank you for allowing me the opportunity to love her whole heartily even if it's only for a short time. I've asked her to marry me and she said yes. I wish you could see her face when she talks about it and see how she glows when she gets excited thinking about it. She truly does make me happy and the girls are my pride and joy. I am going to be the most proudest man ever to have her as my wife. I've seen my girls in my dreams again and this time they have gotten so much older and it seems like they know that they are with me in my dreams. I wish I could have a real relationship with them. I miss them so much. Well I also wanted to tell you that Clint passed away earlier this year too. Yeah another hard one to get through but I didn't have to do it all by myself thanks to all those around me. The 4 of us are doing a pretty good with each other. We keep in touch with each other and we stay on each others heart. Well I can go on and on talking with you but as you know I got a few things to take care of before I go to bed so good night mom. I love you.
Where should I begin my dear loving Lil Soldier of a sister,, Happy 61st Birthday, how I miss you especially this past Friday, your beautiful granddaughter had a fantastic prom send off I know you were with us in Spirit i could feel you grinning from ear to ear, your loving son Kevin made her a fantastic banner the house was decorated so well and yes your last cookie shared the occasion, Tavonna did a great job on this special day, you would have been so proud of everyone., you will never know how much you are truly missed, I cry so much like I'm doing now over losing you and my son,God knows I wish you were here and I was with my child, this pain is unbearable and it won't go away until I die., Love You, Miss You,, my number one fan,❤❤❤
I also wanted to tell you that our dear sister Lena Mae is no longer suffering we lost her in January and Ronnie her last son suffering has also ended we lost him in May the day before his​ birthday., so you now have more family members to preach, and also teach God's word to.as only you can do., that is if Francie will let you, lol., please tell my son how much I miss him i had Antonio do some painting for me and he did a really good job, guess you were working his hands so I wouldn't be too disappointed in not having my son my real painter available, although I did shed heavy tears knowing I had to move on and try someone else., thanks to your prayers I'm sure, things worked out ok., you are truly missed.❤❤❤
More Family news, your favorite niece Wanda who you helped raise as if she were your own has found herself a Man who loves her and her children and he has PUT A RING ON It.,, I know you would be so happy for her he truly is exactly what she needed, well Louise is still Louise. , LOL., our big brother Sammie still holding on,, I now have your big shoes to try to fill which we both know is impossible but due to who our Mother and Father were I will definitely do my best,,we have another funeral to attend so soon after Ronnie, now Helen has lost her husband Albert his health finally got the best of him.,add him to your Heavenly Choir., I think I have brought you up to date on most of what's happening,oh yeah J.P is also still J.P,, Lol.,❤❤
Hey mom well Martrice went on prom yesterday and she looked beautiful. We wished that you was there in the physical form to see her but we all felt your presence. Auntie Martha was there to stand in your place and to be proud for you. She has many more chapters in her life ahead of her and I know that you will be with her. Yes your cookies pulled it off for her and I couldn't believe that this was the same little girl who used to run around the house with a pacifier hanging out the side of her mouth yelling "Vonna mama want you". She has taken another major step in life and it's all thanks for the guidelines that you set up for her early on. I looked at her today and seen that she is becoming a beautiful woman and a smart one cause she made an important decision to make sure her life is better and a little bit more easier by accomplishing this goal. I'm not sure what my future may hold but I will always remember this day and stand proudly to be her uncle. Everybody has their own roles to play and slowly we are starting to fill in those spots and take on other roles that we didn't know about and excel in them. I am so proud of my sister's for using the knowledge that you put in them and for being as independent and headstrong as they are. I have to make it over to the house today to spend some time with your last cookie and just look at her face and smile so she can ask me why you all in my face smiling and get on TaVonna nerves and just have a good time with them and let them know that I love them. Well while I was laying here dreaming I thought about you and just had to write you about today. Thanks for everything that you have done and the love that you shared and the knowledge that you put in all of us, we love you mom.
Hey mom I was just thinking about you on my way home and wanted to call you up and tell you the good news that all I have left is 4 more classes then I'm going to try and get my license back. I know that you would be so proud of me right now. I plan on getting them and going to truck driving school and be an over the road driver. My first trip I'm taking you with me, we get to see this country together like we always wanted. Mom this is so exciting to me to be this close to making a dream come true. I know you are with me and you never left that's why you are going with me to help me read the map and road signs. I know that we are going to have so much fun on the road together. Mom I love you so much and please let my kids know that I love them too. I will keep you posted on everything going forward. Love you.
Hey momma I love you. Thank you for the many blessings and teachings you left for us to follow. This day is going to be awesome. The family and friends have shown me a lot of love and especially my sister's. I know you speaking to me right now and laughing at something one of us said or did. We truly miss you and love you.
Hey mom I know that you know by now that you are a Great Granny, too bad neither of us got the chance to meet her. Happy birthday mom. Lil Kevin has a baby girl and she looks just like him. Maybe one day I'll get to meet her and tell her about how wonderful her Granny is. Her name is Zaria Renee Giles, she's about 4 soon to be 5.Now I am starting to understand the feeling that you have about your grandchildren. I'm working towards getting my license so I can be a better provider for my family. I'm not sure what the future will bring but I know that you are watching over all of us. I love you mom.
My beautiful little sister today would have been your 60th birthday,i so wish with all my heart that we could have celebrated this milestone in your life together but alas it was not to be,i'm so heart broken and still saddened by your shocking and untimely death,we had so much planned for our old age together,now it's nothing left for my life but the daily sadness that i experience without my son or my beautiful little sister.,,rest on my sister,definitely gone too,too,soon.,love you,miss your,
Another sleepless night,another day filled with the pain of your loss my sister,i still see your smile,i still hear your laughter, I still hear you calling me just to hear my voice,,telling each other of our love for one another, missing our Thursday pick ups from the hospital, our girl talk on the ride to your home,,still not grasping this new painful heartache,while i'm still hurting from Gene's loss.,, life right now just not worth it my sister,,,just not worth it,,why you?? why Gene ??? so unfair to our family to lose you both so soon.,,,it should have been me
Dear Ma I miss you so much . I miss all your kind words your prayers and long conversation about everything.Our Saturday going to the mercy store,grocery shopping just missing all the time we shared .. There will never be a Sweeter ,spiritual, understanding &amp; caring mother to your children. And every one that met you loved u and u love them to.
It never occurred to me that when I told you &amp; Martha about this site you would be making a person visit. It is a lonelier road without you here with us. Sleep on my love, I know I will see you again.
I don't even know where to begin. You gave love &amp; support to those in need. You had a heart that was giving &amp; pure. How I miss you calling me Cookie. I know heaven got a whole lot brighter when you went home. Thank you for loving me all these years Tee Tee.
You were more than my little sister,you were my shoulder to lean on, cry on,laugh on,you were and will always be the best friend I ever had,truthful,trustworthy,loving me with all your heart,so thankful to God for allowing you to be my sister for 59 1/2 yrs.,you were my soul when it was torn from my heart,when I lost faith you continued to pray for me,,really wish I could have gave you my life in that hospital room,you deserve to still be here with your family,,i am so sorry i'm still here instead of you,..LOVE YOU,MISS YOU,MY ANGEL,MY LITTLE SISTER,,,
Through everything you stayed a support for the family. I could even feel your prayers moving through me. I love your smile. It feels as though you should still be here but I know it was his will. I love you and I thank you for all the late night chats and prayers you will forever be missed auntie.
Hi mom, it's been a while since we've last talked. I have so many things I want to ask you but I want you to know that I love you and I deeply miss you. Everybody's missing you and your bff's have been keeping a close watch over us. I just wanted to say thank you for being an awesome mother. We've shared so many different experiences together and planned many more. I know that you are still watching over us with your warm smile and loving arms wrapped around us. I look at your pictures and I think about all the times we've laughed and cracked jokes. I've never thought that I would be writing you a message this way. This is very hard for me to write about. I miss you so much and I love you.
I am so sorry about the passing of your Sister.
My mom was a great woman i miss her so much she will always be in my heart she is missing alot down here on earth the birth of her 13th grandkid nicholas she would have loved him but i know she is in a better place now mom i will always be thinking about you rest well my angel i love you so much
To a wonder sister&amp; mother&amp; wife&amp; friend.&amp; grandmother. Who will be missed and loved  forever in our hart's.
Memaw we will all miss and love you forever and always.  Your great grandchildren will always have you in their prayers.  Cyrena and Family
I Love You Mom.
My sweet  darling husband, you left us way too soon. There's never a minute your not thought of, you've left us with so many wonderful memories &amp; Love that will last Forever ! TJ you were the best thing that happened to me and my two sons, you showed us how to be survivors and I will always be grateful for that lesson in life. I can't believe you've been gone for almost four years, Life is not the same without you, your presence is with me everyday, until the time we are reunited, my heart will always be yours Forever ❤️ Love Always  Your wife
I'm really going to miss you. We had some wonderful times. You always made me laugh. I know Mom ,Dad, Rose , Morris,Uncle Morris and Aunty Artie  will be glad to see you. Love Ronnie ,Sylvia and our family.
Aunt Nee was such a beautiful person.  She will be missed.  She loved life, always ready for fun times with family .  I will always remember her joyous laugh.  She always made me smile.  I know her family in heaven are going to greet her with open arms.  God Bless You Aunt Nee
Aunt Nee you are missed already. I learned a lot from you. Probably the most important thing I learned from you is to Laugh a Lot, Have Fun any time you can, Enjoy Life and yes have a toddy every now and then. I have passed some of you wonderful stories onto my children. Love, Mike &amp; Carol Reine and Family.   The Angels in Heaven are in for a real treat now that my Aunt Nee is one of them.
Mark may this candle burn as bright and lovely as you were...For ever love and for ever missed
Gone but never forgotten in our hearts ❤ Love Vinny, Gabriella &amp; Natalie
The Lady who showed us it was okay to pray out loud. Music was for dancing and life for living to the fullest. We will never forget you as you will always be apart of us. To all of us left behind, the circle remains unbroken as we will all be together again one day. keep the faith and God bless.
May God comfort you in your time of sorrow and in your time of healing. Prayers for the family. Joyce Davis, Friend of April
I love and miss you like crazy
To the Family of Reagan, Please accept my deepest sympathy.  It is so unnatural and painful to lose someone in death at such a young age.  But be assured that Jehovah God yearns to reunite children with their parents by means of the resurrection.  In the account at Mark 5:40-42, Jesus lovingly demonstrated what his Father will do for us in the future when he resurrected a 12-year old girl and returned her to her parents.  I know that you will remember Reagan forever.  She is also in the memory of God.  "The hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice and come out, those who did good things to a resurrection of life" (John 5:28,29)
The best mother, prayer warrior, friend, grandmother, aunt in the world!  Love you forever Moma!
I was only ten months old when mama passed and don't remember her but I have heard from family and friends about her..and I know she loved  her kid's..wish heaven had a phone cuz have so much wanna tell her.. But I know that I will have chance to meet her again in heaven and what a day that will be.. Until we meet again.. I love you mom..
Loving mother of three kids..two sons Jimmy Lavern Dutton.. Billy Wayne Dutton and daughter Kathryn Marie Smith..daughter of Marvin sipes and Georgia Bee sweat..husband William Douglas Smith. Leaves sisters Brenda sipes..Barbara sipes..Michelle winberry..brothers William sipes.. David sipes...jimmy sipes.. Joe castleman.. Was took away too soon and very much missed everyday.. But will always remain in our hearts.. Gone but never forgotten.. RIP Mom. I love you
Linda was like a sister to me on the day I lost her I lost my sister Peggy Lee Winberry rice they flew to heaven together an much to soon  love you Peggy an Linda  former missed..
I was only ten months old when I lost my mom so was to young to remember her but have heard a lot about her from different people and family.. I know she loved her kid's and was wonderful and loving woman.. Only wish I had the chance to see her again and be able to say I love you mom.. Wish heaven had a phone and would able to hear your voice.. So much I'd like to tell her.. I know I'll have chance one day to meet you once again.. What a day that will be.. Love you mama..I know Barbara's happy with you and telling on us.lol.Miss you both and can't wait until we all together again... I love you
There's never been a time when you weren't here for me in my life;  I'm at a loss of what to do without you here.  I miss you so much.
In missing Lauren today as I've missed her every day for the past three years, I again ask that you honor her memory by doing something as simple as giving your child an extra hug or reminding friends and family members how much they mean to you. I would also ask that you consider using amazon's donation program to contribute to Lauren's charity of choice.  This process is as easy as going to smile.amazon.com to make your purchase (or downloading their app to regularly go directly to this site) and requesting that a donation be made to Joyful Heart Foundation.  Thank you for considering this option.
I feel like just yesterday we were having a family BBQ at grandma and grandpas for 4th of July.  Aunt Lauren and Grandma were cutting and mixing up a storm in the kitchen and of course Grandpa, Uncle Dan, and Dad were outside grilling. I remember talking to Aunt Lauren how I wanted my own Bakery and wanted to be a pastry chef and she'd talking to me about all the great food shes had and made. That following Christmas I received a cookbook from her.  I made countless cakes out of it even these amazing smores cupcakes for my brothers birthday; which everyone loved and gained 3 lbs. just holding the dang thing. The last time I remember using it was in High School.  Until about 2 weeks ago my daughter pulled out from the bookshelf in the kitchen. I started reading all the cakes I made and the notes I made next to them. As I was looking my mom noticed and mentioned I should make something for the BBQ we were going to that weekend. I then proceeded to think  about where I got and whom I got it from; which reminded me of the day I 1st met Aunt Lauren.  I will forever cherish that flour covered, sugar glazed, and dyed book. We all miss and love you so!
. It's hard to think a year has gone by and yet it seems already like a lifetime since we laughed together over something silly and shared some great food, a good story and just hung out.  Miss you today and always wonderful Lauren and will never forget you.
Lauren was a bold and lively presence in my office. A brilliant Communications Director with keen insight into Congressional politics, she was a valued adviser whose counsel I deeply respected.     This is not the first time I’ve lost someone close, but the pain of this loss is deep. I know and share the sadness our Hill community is feeling in the face of this untimely loss. Lauren was so young— she loved her friends so strongly and laughed with us so passionately. Lauren:  We love you and will never forget your beautiful soul, smile and all the work you did for my team!
It was a wonderful experience having Lauren as part of the Honda family.  From the moment she began, she brought her beautiful spirit, work ethic and linguistic talent to the office every day.  Her time with us was much too short.  She is already deeply missed, but I am so grateful for the time knowing her and learning from her.  I just wished I had the opportunity to have seen her dance, but her laugh will always be with me.
I knew awesome Jenny, Lauren's sister, as a teenager.  I had met Lauren and Anne, briefly.  Always knew that they were an exemplary family.  And now, to read the memorial comments, I find what a distinguished, devoted young woman that little blonde girl, Lauren, became.  Now to humbly realize that I shared that beautiful little girl's childhood space and spirit. How can this be?  So sorry and so very sad.  You have my sympathy.  Jesse Pearson's mom
Lauren was a beautiful and happy little girl. I clearly remember her playing and laughing with friends around her neighborhood in Joliet, Illinois. She has certainly made an important impact in the lives of all her friends and family and will be remembered with love. So sorry for her loss.
And when great souls die,     after a period peace blooms,      slowly and always       irregularly. Spaces fill      with a kind of      soothing electric vibration.   Our senses, restored, never   to be the same, whisper to us.   They existed. They existed.   We can be. Be and be   better. For they existed."  - Maya Angelou
Lauren's giggle was a constant backdrop to our side of the office. I'd often catch her eye when she'd turn around to join in whatever shenanigans were going on. She was always lighting up the office with laughter and she was always the first to ask if you were okay. She always inspired me with her work ethic, her wit, and her dedication to life.
Our hearts go out to you, Anne and Sean, as you grieve the loss of your amazing child, Lauren. For sure, Lauren is greatly missed, forever cherished and always remembered. Sending hugs and love."     John and Coral
Sometimes, you are simply lucky enough to be gifted with an amazing coworker. Lauren had an infectious laugh, and an inspiring spirit that matched her drive to make the world a better and happier place. Her caring heart and sense of giving was admirable and beyond compare. To her, the people relationships mattered most of all. She always put herself last. We were looking forward to having lunch, once she left the hospital. I will miss the lunches and laughs we could've had. I could always count on her to share in our silly giggling fits. No doubt, Lauren is still giggling somewhere and looking our for her loved ones. Lauren - you are an original. We miss you so very much. You made it so easy to fall in love with you. May you find peace, wherever you are.
I feel so very lucky to have shared a cubicle wall with Lauren as I started off my fellowship in Congressman Honda's office this fall.  She was eternally ready to brainstorm ways to turn pie-in-the-sky ideas into reality and was always cheerfully able to guide my writing to a more effective turn of phrase.   I feel that any success I have this year will be due a great extent to Lauren.   I also feel so very sad to lose her so soon after we met.  She was a friend I know I would have kept in touch with for the next 50 years. I miss the possible meals we didn't cook together and the trips we won't take.
My Dear Lauren.  How blessed I feel to have called you a friend.  While we didn't really know each other very long in the grand scheme of things, we became incredibly close.  I will forever be appreciative of the times we spent together, (the laughter, the tears, the ridiculous inside jokes) and all that you taught me (from overwhelming politics to the classy 'stank' face.)  You truly enriched my life, Lauren, and I loved you  for it.  I miss you and will continue to miss you every day but I am quite certain that you are still with me.  Your light shines on, Pretty. XOXO
I first met Lauren as a fellow with Congressman Mike Honda’s office—when she became our Communications Director.  I was immediately impressed by how very, very good Lauren was at her job. I’d been a reporter for a very long time, but I learned a lot about political communications from her. My favorite Lauren quote—just to be clear, she was mostly kidding—was when she told me: “In political communications facts are an interesting aside, but are completely irrelevant.” Or something to that effect. I got to know Lauren quite well over 2015.  More often than not, we were the last two in the office working on communications—the never-ending saga of rebuilding our press lists from scratch.  I always admired her sheer work ethic and dedication to duty—even when I knew she wasn’t feeling well. She’d never hesitate to drop everything to make sure the boss got his message out. I remember having to convince her to go on her vacation during the summer because she almost dropped everything for some press event. I know you don’t believe in any of this, but I hope you’re in a better place—I’m going to miss you. Rest in peace my friend.
Lauren had the most beautiful giggle that I've ever heard; it made me want to giggle with her and of course I did!  She was a guest at my home in the summer, while working in our California office.  She had grace - a rare quality.   Her loss is devastating - she was a good fit for our office.  She brought professionalism and years of experience.
Lauren you're so great and everybody is heartbroken that you're gone. I really liked how you'd always give so much context to interns on their assignments and taught them little things about journalism. That shows that you really care and try to teach. You were also always incredibly funny and sweet and friendly. Your stories about Doug were some of my favorites. I think you are wonderful and can't believe that you're not here.
It's midnight and a brand new year. We've eaten and drunk amazing things. The fireworks are reining down. I want to call you and wish you a happy new year and share jokes about the alto sax player who played smooth jazz all night long. So many great memories. 2016 starts with mixed feelings of anticipation and profound sadness. There's a part of my heart gone with you. Sending love to you wherever you are.
When I married Lauren's mother in 1998, I had no idea how much my stepdaughter would favorably impact my life.  Lauren, I will miss your laughter, our long phone conversations where you were genuinely interested in me and my life, your transparent love for not only your mother but also for me, sharing good times on vacations, and so much more.  I was proud of you and to be part of your life.
So sorry to hear of your loss.  It is so hard to lose our loved one and nothing can erase out pain but the words of the Holy Scriptures can bring us comfort.  (Ewc. 21:4 and John 5:28,29)/  My condolences to the family.
Happy 40th birthday my baby boy, it hurts no less today than it did 20 yrs ago when I lost you, you're my heart forever even through eternity, I love you so much
What’s to say, I’ll always miss you, my heart will continue to break everyday and although unfair life goes on, I love you my angel
Well today Mark's another year that you have been gone...it still dont seem real. I love you my beautiful nephew and you are in my heart ....enjoy heaven with all our family..
So today’s your 39th birthday, wow it’s so hard to believe, I wish you could’ve met your beautiful daughter, you’d be so proud of her, I miss you so much every day and always you’re on my mind, I love you baby boy
To the family and friends of  Randall, Please accept my warmest condolences.  I would like to share a word of comfort with you from the Bible.   I know that you will remember Randall forever.  He is also in the memory of God.  "The hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice and come out"(John 5:28,29)  We can believe that God will resurrect our loved ones to life here on earth because of the examples recorded in his word.  One such example is at John 11:39-44 when, with the help of his Father, Jesus resurrected Lazarus and returned him to his family.
You are always with me...I see you EVERY DAY in the eyes of your daughter...I will continue to love and miss you until I close my eyes for the final time and we meet again... Forever in my heart and mind... Love, Marie
Forever my babyboy.......
There's not a day that goes by that you're not thought of...you may not be here in body but you are forever in our hearts.....our memories will live on and no one can steal them......we love you
I never got to meet you but heard great things about you. You are loved by many. Rest in peace buddy❤️
Merry Christmas dad Miss you as always Lots of love Deborah xxxx
Miss you dad on your 83rd birthday. Love you loads Deborah Xxxxx
No happy returns today dad. I hope your having a good old sing song up there in heavan!  Love and miss you always .. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Missing you even more at this time of year !!  Merry Christmas DAD Love you loads Xxx
For you Dad x
Happy Birthday Scott.  We miss you so very much.
will love and miss you always wish you were here
Missing you, my dear friend!
I can't believe it's been a year since you've gained your wings.  I miss you so much Mom and I will see you again one day.
Happy Birthday my dear friend! We had some really fun and entertaining times and I miss you so much. Every time I pick up a set of keys I just have to chuckle! What a blast
n though I only met her once in the hospital, I cried when I heard about the news. but when I did meet her she was very funny and she was always smiling. she seemed like an amazing person! from what I can see she has touched many lives and made a mark in everyones hearts! she will be missed terribly and never forgotten!
To the Family and Friends of Ginger, Please except my deepest condolences.  Although I didn't have the pleasure of knowing Ginger, I know that you will remember her forever.  Ginger is also in the memory of God.  "The hour is coming in which all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice and come out, those who did good things to a resurrection of life" (John 5:28,29)  I hope that you'll find comfort in knowing that you can see your loved one again during a time when "death will be no more, neither will mourning nor outcry nor pain be anymore.  The former things have passed away." (Revelation 21:4)"
Although I never met Ms. Ginger personally however through her Sisters (Holli and Valeta) I felt like I knew her as one of my own family. We connected several times via social media and it was a pleasure to connect with her. I will miss our connection but I will always remember her kind words. I've been blessed to know Ginger, even from afar. Rest peacefully Ginger, for your fight is over and you're a brave warrior we will meet you in the future.
Ginger gave me a clearer understanding of HOPE, COURAGE and COMPASSION. These virtues formed the foundation of her life and she modeled them everyday. Her gentle touch and calming voice touched countless individuals--many unknown to her. Rest well my friend--love you now and forever.
A dear friend and a light to others as a champion for recovery. You will be thought of constantly as we see how your life has touched so many. Rest in peace - know that we all will miss you dearly but will always carry you in our hearts.
Ginger was an amazing woman. She was a mentor to many in the mental health community and a star in the recovery movement in Oklahoma. To me, she was a bright light of humor and personality. A friend and admired colleague. I will miss her smile and her drive to have the people around her succeed. Misty, you kids were the light of her life and your happiness was her purpose. God be with you in your grief.
I love you Mom!  I will miss you and think of you everyday.  It still doesn't feel real that you're gone.  I love you to the moon and back!!!
Ginger had the amazing ability to light up a room. She faced life with a smile and refused to let speed bumps, curves, or rabbit holes distract her from loving life I try to feed off of her strength when I face difficulties or pain. I will love her forever and already miss her.
It's crazy how fast 3 years goes but I live and miss you so much wish you and dad were here to meet brittany and spend Christmas with your 4 grandchildren
Brenda, I think about you a lot. What would you think if you were still here.  Miss your laughter and your advice.  Janie
Brenda, you are forever in my heart. I miss your laugh and your tall tails. We talk of you often and remember all the great times we had together.  Hope you are keeping watch over your beautiful family.  RIP Brenda, until we meet again.
Brenda..dearest I have so many fond many memories of you and Ed the boys..it break my heart I know your with your love....but those left behind it will be hard the next coming days may your spirit comfort them and give them peace love is forever so glad to have been a part of your life xoxo R.I.P...gone to soon
My thoughts@prayers go out to edward@douglas smith for the loss of there mom.Brenda was a kind@wonderful good hearted woman i had the honors to know her@ed@the boys for a long time.we r all going to miss u brenda.may the angels welcome u into the gates with ed waiting to see@hold u again.we had some really great times together. i will keep the memories in my heart.R.I.P.Brenda tk u for beening part of our lifes@a wonderful friend.R.I.P.My Dear Friend.gone but never forgotten.xo
Mom I can't describe in words what you ment to your grandkids neces nephews your friends and most importantly doug jen jan and myself this past summer was the best one in years I just wish you would have told us you were sick but I understand you missed dad so much and are now with him watching above making sure your grandkids and Doug jen myself and Jan are fine  I know you would have never taken the time you looked after zoey but I feel that if you were sick you shouldn't have  but you wanted to and loved nana special princess I will make sure your grandkids never forget how much their nana loved them  I will miss you so much so will doug jen jan and all your family friends I love you so much you were the best mother a child could ask for I will always hold my memories of you close to my heart
RIP Brenda, You were always there for us no matter what we needed, no matter what we wanted. You even waited until after program to help us. The cats miss you too. Only you, Lee-Ann and I will understand that but it's true. We are still in shock. Please watch over your lovely family. Lee-Ann,I and the cats will miss you tremendously.
I Love you Brenda you will be forever missed but never forgotten. AUNT BRENDA WAS one of a kind the biggest heart I've ever known in anyone not a selfish bone in her body. My Aunt Benda was loved by so many. Rest in Peace Aunt Brenda now you're joined with uncle Ed once again and I know your at peace with him in heaven.
Hey Ma, it's me again.  As always I'm here to celebrate your life.  I know your doing well in heaven.  I just wanted to say hello and thank you for everything.
Hey Grandma, I know you're doing well in heaven.  I'm doing well down here on earth.  Things are not always easy here as you know but GOD watches over his WORD to perform it.  I just wanted to let you know that you are not forgotten.
Hey Grandma, it's me Wendall.  I miss and think of you often.  I will always think kind thoughts about you.  Love, your grandson.
Thank you for opening your heart and home to me.  I will forever be grateful for all the wonderful things you have taught and done for me.
Love and Miss you Auntie. You will be forever in our hearts.
I will miss you my Friend and confidant Your  smile has never changed from the moment our families Introduced us in the heat of the day picking tomatoes. I never thought  I would have to say so long So early it is not easy to say so long Our Friendship will forever be alive I thank you for being A woman of God who truly Loved God and God"s people not only in Words.but in Dred Everyone who knew you had to Love you you are one of a kind and Uniquely designed by the Hand of God I will miss you my friend RIP
Happy 30th birthday in heaven son momma misses you everyday of my life so wish you was still with me I love you so so much RWG until we meet again
HAPPY 29TH BIRTHDAY IN HEAVEN SON MOMMA MISSES AND LOVES YOU SO MUCH I THINK ABOUT YOU EVERYDAY RWG UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN
Beautiful little Angel, though this world wasn't able to be blessed with your presence. You held a special place in all of our hearts and they are heavy for this tremendous loss. God has a plan for you, for you're beautiful mother, he has a plan for your life, and through your death. When God makes a plan we do not always understand, who, what, when and or why. All we can do is have faith that he has our best interests in mind, fair or not, everything happens for a reason. Sweet baby Cynthia,  As you dine at God's table and earn you wings, watch over your mommy and know she looks to the sky in hopes of seeing your beautiful face. (My son, Brandon Kyle is up there too, I hope y'all can play and stick together, please tell him I love him so!) Until we meet dear baby girl! God bless you.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. So sorry to hear of your loss. All children go to heaven.
I am sorry we didn't get a chance to meet your daughter, I'm sure she would have been a joy as you are.  May you be surrounded by family and friends and our love to support, strengthen and uplift you.  God Bless you and Cynthia Marie.
May You Rest In Peace Cynthia   Praying And May God bless You All xx Yosser Hughes "United Kingdom
I really have no words. I hope we can all remember the positive impact Cynthia Marie had on us, despite her very brief existence. Justina, I wish you courage, strength, and grace in this difficult time.
She was a lite in my life that shone so bright and though I did not meet her I was very much connected to her and will ever more miss her with all my heart!!
I am so sorry honey - she's beautiful and in heaven now ... Even saying that breaks my heart - a parent shouldn't ever loose their child - there is not even a word in the dictionary for it .... I will pray for u all - and may God bless u and give u all hope during this horrible time .... Xoxo
I wish she could have stayed with us, but I know she is well now. My thoughts and prayers are with you during your time of mourning.
R.I.P. Pokey.  You were always a sweet guy. You would've done anything for anybody. You will be missed.
Chris was a very sweet &amp; caring guy
Love you and Happy Birthday Sissy
Happy Birthday Lorabell, Birthdays were your favorite days.  You made people laugh and feel loved and happy on their birthdays.  While most people are happy to get a card or two from co-workers, you literally brought home at least two boxes of gifts from people who you brought joy to every day.   I love you Lorabell
I still miss you every day.  Your smile, your hugs, the sound of your laughter.  You made me a better person and helped me see the world in a more beautiful light.  I think of you every time I see clouds, sunsets, rainbows, the moon and especially on bright sunny days.  I love you forever, and it will never be enough.
Happy b-day little sister
Lori ,you just became my sister in law,and now I have tto saw goodbye,you were funny beautiful and loved by many! Our hearts are saddened but the memories will be forever strong!every tear we cry will also be of memories!I will be here to give strength and love to our famiky!iI love and miss youlove your sister in law nancy!l
We miss you my beloved sissy. Ricky is right, the world is a bit emptier.
I never got to meet you Lori,but are a doll according to my friends,Larry and Nancy Kirby.....keep the memories alive in your hearts and Lori will live forever.......prayers and Gods blessings be upon you all at this time
You were my little princess
I will miss you very much little sister.  You were not just my sister but my best friend.
There was a really bad thunderstorm  2 nights ago. One of Kira best friends, the one that lived up the road from us, passed away that night in her sleep due to a seizure. I think of you every day but today at the viewing I thought of you even more.  I know it wasn't your wish but I wish you would have had some sort of services to help the ones left behind with closure. Losing your best friend is not something I wanted to have in common with my daughter. You know how we were making it in a tradition to take our families to haunted trails every year? We did that with Kira's best friend Miranda too until she wasn't allowed around strobe lights anymore, due to her seizures. Miss you and wish then I could hear you replies. It seems I'm talking to myself alot lately.

HI BABY GIRL. I GUESS YOU SEE FROM HEAVEN I AM GIVING UP MY HOUSE. IT WAS REALLY HARD YESTERDAY. I FEEL LIKE I AM BREAKING INTO ITTY BITTY PIECES. I LOVE AND MISS YOU SO MUCH I JUST CAN'T WRITE ANYMORE HURTS MY GIRL HURTS SO MUCH LOVE MOM
Thinking of you today, May God always keep you in his loving arms
HI MY BABY GIRL I MISS YOU SO VERY MUCH. I REMEMBER WHEN  WE WENT TO SEE THE CONJURING AND ATE AT THE TEXAS ROADHOUSE WE HAD A GREAT MOM &amp; DAUGHTER DAY A PRESENT FOR BOTH OUR BIRTHDAYS THAT WE MISSED OVER THE YEARS. I HAVE THE BOOK YOU LEFT ME I WILL ALWAYS BE SO THANKFUL I HAVE THAT YOU WROTE SO MANY LITTLE THINGS ALL OF THEM TRUE, YOU WANTED TO TAKE YOUR BABY DIAPER PIN. I DIDN'T WANT TO GIVE IT TO YOU WHEN YOU WHERE GONE FROM ME WHEN I LOST THOSE YEARS THAT WERE STOLEN FROM BOTH YOU AND I . I HELD ON TO THAT YELLOW DUCK PIN. IT MEANT SO MUCH TO HAVE IT. I WAS AFRAID I WOULD NEVER SEE IT AGAIN . I GUESS IT SOUNDS STUPID BUT TO ME IT WAS A SENTIMENTAL THING TO ME . I WOULD HOLD THAT DIAPER PIN IN MY HANDS ROLLS IT THRU MY FINGERS AND I WOULD CRY.THINKING WERE YOU MISSING ME AS MUCH AS I MISSED YOU. WE SHOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN APART. I WILL NOT MARE THIS MEMORIAL WITH HIS NAME. I KNOW YOU LOVED ME AND I LOVED YOU. I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN . I WISH I COULD HAVE SHOWED YOU HOW MUCH I LOVED YOU. MY BIGGEST FEAR CAME TRUE. HUNNY BUNNY YOU WERE SO LOVED . I WISH YOU COULD SEE ME AND KNOW HOW MUCH I FEEL LIKE I AM DYING INSIDE I MISS YOU.I HAD TO CLOSE MY HEART TO KELLY WHAT  THEY DID TO HER WAS CRUEL. I KNOW YOU ARE WITH HER AND YOU WERE THE BEST SISTER GOD COULD HAVE GIVEN HER. YOU WERE SO BEAUTIFUL TO RYAN I KNOW SOMEWHERE HE REMEMBERS YOU. I CAN FEEL YOU SOMETIMES. THANK YOU SWEETHEART FOR MY MOM CAKE FOR TELLING ME WHEN I WAS SO SICK IN NY HOW I WAS STRONG AND A FIGHTER I WAS BABY I AM STILL FIGHTING THE LOSS OF DAD WAS BAD BUT KELLY THEN YOU TOO MUCH TO BEAR WAY TO MUCH..I WORRY ABOUT NOAH AND SARA AT LEAST SHE HAS HER BABY GIRL. I KNOW YOU WOULD HAVE NEVER LEFT THEM. OH GOD THE AGONY OF ME YOU MOM WISHING I DID THINGS DIFFERENT MADE YOU ENTER A REHAB ANYTHING YOU KNOW I LOVE YOU I ALWAYS WILL FOR ETERNITY AND KELLY SHE KNOWS I LOVED HER SHE SUFFERED BUT YOU PUSHED THAT WHEELCHAIR . YOU WERE HER LEGS A BEAUTIFUL HUMAN BEING. YOU FED YOUR GRANDFATHER HOMELESS HE WAS YOU GAVE HIM FOOD HE GAVE YOU THAT TYPEWRITER IT WAS OLD BUTHE TOOK IT FROM THE GARBAGE FOR IT WAS ALL HE HAD TO GIVE YOU. YOU FELT LIKE HE GAVE YOU THE WORLD YOU HAD A BIG HEART. MANY PEOPLE TRAMPLED ON YOUR HEART. THEY HAVE TO LIVE WITH IT. THAT SAYING FATHER FORGIVE THEM FOR THEY KNOW NOT WHAT THEY DO.I AM SORRY I LOVE JESUS I CAN'T FORGIVE THEM MAYBE IN TIME I CAN BUT NOT WITH YOU GONE. I LOVE YOU MY BABY GIRL FOREVER I MISS YOU MORE THEN U CAN IMAGINE. GOODNIGHT MY SWEET BEAUTIFUL TARA MOMMY LOVEYOU REST SWEETHEART NO MORE PAIN, HONEY NO MORE LOVE YOUR MOTHER FOREVER IN MY HEART!! MOMMY .
I wrote on here 5 times and keep deleting. It is so hard to talk about Tara in past tense. I still talk to her like she is here, standing behind me. Which is funny, because we weren't on talking terms when she past. She will alway have been one of the most important people in my life. She will be in my heart forever. Hopefully, someday, my heart stops breaking.  ❤ I miss you, Tara. My sister, my best friend. I hope you know how much I love you. And I want to remind you that you promised to haunt me forever. Because it is so hard to be in a world that no longer has you in it. ❤  Thank you for putting this page together April.  ❤Erin
HI BABY GIRL I AM SO LOST WITHOUT YOU THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR GIVING ME THE BOOK WITH ALL THE LOVING THINGS YOU WROTE TO ME. I WILL NEVER FORGET ONE THING ABOUT YOU.YES YOU WERE MISUNDERSTOOD BUT YOUR HEART WAS SWEET. FROM YOUR CHILDREN TO RYAN AND DOMINIC YOU LOVED THEM SO I WISH I COULD HAVE DONE MORE TO MAKE YOU SEE THE BEAUTIFUL PERSON YOU WERE. I KEEP THINKING THIS IS SO WRONG. WHAT I FEARED HAPPENED MY BABY GONE   . I LOVE YOU ALWAYS LOVE YOU MOMMY STAY CLOSE WITH YOUR SISTER I KNOW YOU TWO ARE TOGETHER WE WILL BE TOGETHER AGAIN DAD IS WITH YOU TOO YOU SAID YOU SAW HIM I BELIEVE YOU DID. YOUR WERE HIS DAUGHTER HE WAS YOUR DADDY .YOU LOVED FLOWERS AND MAKING LITTLE GARDENS IM SURE YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL GARDEN. REMEMBER I WILL ALWAYS BE CLOSE TO YOU ALWAYS HONEY BUNNY OXOXO
Tara was a beautiful, fun, loving woman. I've considered her my big sister for many years. Granted there were some rough patches but I love her dearly and still to this day cannot believe she is no longer here. She will be missed.
My Deepest Condolences, No words can comfort you,only believing that God has wrapped his arms around his sweet child where she has no pain and her spirit is free,reunited again with her sister Kelly,and her dad Gerard...may you find some comfort knowing she is home with them....hugs (((❤))) she is an Angel in heaven. ..
Here is a man that took good care of me and lovely family , He will miss all way   but He will be in my heart forever I love you Joseph
I love you and miss you with every breath I take with every heart beat...❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I miss you...
Rip miss you
Gone but not forgotten you are a Blessed soul. Your love and everlasting smile lives on, you may be gone but you live on in our hearts rest in everlasting PEACE.
ove you grandmom I miss you tremendously.
Happy Birthday Mom I miss you greatly.
I miss you every day. I love you today as I always have. I know I will see you again in heaven. I look forward to that day. Rest in eternal peace!
Gone but never forgotten! You will always stay in my heart and mind. Love Always!
I Love You Momma!!
Happy 106th birthday.
Wife: Gregoria Gonzalez 05/25/1929 Son: David Allen Smith 04/09/1968 My dad, Hank, was one of the bravest, nicest, smartest and toughest men I've ever known. He could do anything and never sat around to wait for someone to help him with anything. He'd rather do it himself, and he could and did. Example. When the Sylmar earthquake of '71 struck it made our house that my parents had recently purchased in La Crescenta unstable by nearly throwing it off its foundation. Did he hire a contractor? HELL NO! He used a bucket and shovel to dig out a basement under the house, and used two truck axles to support our home by drilling and chaining them into the main crossbeam under the house for support. He used a cement mixer that he and a friend bought and laid enough concrete out to make the basement he dug out into a room that became a storage/clubhouse. My handprints are still there. And he did this at the age of 59!!! They don't make 'em like that anymore, that's for damn sure. He saw and went through a lot in his life and you never heard a single complaint from him. He's my idol. Posted by David Smith  [Edit Bio]  Family links: [Edit]   Parents:   Sidney Simon Smith (1870 - 1942)   Rose Virginia Meisel Smith (1885 - 1950)    Spouse:   Elizabeth Yvonne Angel Smith (1914 - 2012)*    Children:   Richard Anthony Smith (1962 - 1962)*    Siblings:   Amos John Smith (1906 - 1972)*   Sidney Elmer Smith (1907 - 1945)*   Sarah Elizabeth Smith Lynch (1909 - 1982)*   Henry W. Smith (1910 - 1910)*   Henry Richard Smith (1912 - 1982)   Ethel Mirriam Smith Clark (1913 - 2006)*   Robert James Smith (1916 - 1989)*   Frank Leonard Smith (1919 - 1999)*   Laura Catherine Smith Anderson (1921 - 1991)*   Marion Ruth Smith Markham (1926 - 2005)*   *Calculated relationship   [Add Marker Transcription]  [Add Note]   Burial: [Edit] Riverside National Cemetery Riverside Riverside County California, USA Plot: 6, 1398 [Edit Plot]   Edit Virtual Cemetery info [?]   Maintained by: David A. Smith Originally Created by: US Veterans Affairs Offi... Record added: Mar 04, 2000 Find A Grave Memorial# 3850186
Jane, we are so sorry for your loss! We pray that the Lord and your good and happy memories of your son will get you through these tough times. Diane &amp; Jud Smith
Happy 67th birthday Mommy, I miss you like crazy!  Love you always,  Sherrie
I miss Brenda. I miss them all. We would all be retired by now and ready for the next stage in the journey.....not meant to be, so know I have memories.
I think about you every day Uncle Tab and I wonder how I have made it without you...but I know you are with me in my heart.  Happy Birthday to you in Heaven.  I love you so much and I miss you like crazy!!
Wishing you a Happy Birthday Tab! R.I.P.
So sorry for your loss.   I know this is late but I just found out last night.  Tab was so caring and his family meant so much to him.   I will miss that surprise call I use to get a couple times a year.  He would call just to make sure everyone was doing fine.  We will miss him.
My deepest sympathy Frances to you and the family. My thoughts and prayers are with you.
I am so SORRY for the loss of such a GREAT MAN, I will miss my morning visits at Big Cat...He always had a smile and a kind word to say. Praying for ALL of you!!
My deepest heartfelt condolences to Mrs. Frances and the rest of the family.  Mr. Tab was such a good man and I am proud to say my friend and fellow veteran.  I will surely and sadly miss him.  Heaven has definitely gotten a new angel.  My prayers and thoughts are with you all.
Frances, Butch, Donnie, Dale, Misty, and Trey, I wish I could say something that would take some of your pain away; but I can't. Uncle Tab was bigger than life to all of us and his being taken so suddenly has shocked and numbed us. I love you and my heart, love and spirit will be there with you. We know we will see him again. Until then, we will remember him as the great man he was and the wonderful times we had with him. (And his great pranks). I pray for your strength during this difficult time. Love to all the families whose lives Uncle Tab touched. I know there are many,  including ours.
good bye my friend. you will be missed. go walk high on that mountain. EDDIE and NONIE ROBINSON.
Dale, My deepest sympathy to you and your family.  My thoughts and prayers are with you.
You will be deeply missed. As you have always told me when you called "gee you smell good all the way over here". I love you Tab and I will never ever forget you. You are the greatest.
My Dear Love and Fiance Today makes makes 2 months and 11 days since you departed from my life.  Some days I cry when I think of you other days I can smile and think on the  8 1/2 years we shared.  You always looked out for me with the utmost of concern and thoughtfulness, you listened when I talked which was often a lot(chatterbox) and I paid more attention to your passion which was sports-learning more about the games as you took me along with you. I miss you coming through the front door never missing that "kiss" when you greeted me with business suit on laying on the floor to give our Heaven the playtime she always expected of you...as I think on it this was your pattern everyday without fail- constant, reliable with a smile on you face.  How you forgave so easily surprised me- for you yesterday was the past and the next day  mattered more.  Gary did you really know how much I loved you?  A part of my heart you took with you and that's Okay because a part of yours is still with me. The last word you spoke was my name- no one heard this but God, you and I.  I saw in your eyes the trust you felt in me to do all I could to get you help. And that I believe I did....what a beloved man u where and Jesus gave me time to  to care for you then say goodbye and that's more than most people get.  I won't complain his mercy and love for us is everlasting.  When I get stuck and sad at times please gently push me along like you use to - with just one finger. I promise to pickup the pace and do whatever I need to. I know your watching over me in some way.  Sleep In Peace My Love AKA Huntress-Denise
Wishing you were here old lady!!!
Wishing you were here to celebrate this day but I know you are partying with the rest of the family!!! Today I light a candle in honor of your Born day!!! Love you Old Lady!!!!
Dear Family of Jonathan, I'm sorry that you are experiencing the mourning of losing a love one. Many if not all of us has experienced this, but I would like to share a brief scripture that will may just bring you comfort. (Acts 24:15) "And I have hope toward God, which hope these men also look forward to, that there is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous." Thanks for reading.
To my cousin Reginald and his family . I only meet Hester 1 time when your mom passed away and she was a jewel then she was sweet to us .God has a angel .Remember we love ya . your cousin RED MAMMY LOL  MY NICKNAME SOMETHING TO LIGHTEN THE LOAD ON YOU A LAUGH.
Im going to miss you grandpa... I hate that this had to end like this but your in a better place now, and you don't have to suffer anymore... I love you and you will be forever missed.. R.I.P GRAND DADDY!!!
Uncle Chester,I only have good memories of you and that's what I'll always remember. I know that you're in a better place, no more pain or suffering, and you fought a good fight with your health. I'll miss you and love you always
I can't beleave you've been gone this long. But you will always be remembered in my thoughts and within my  family's thoughts. I miss u josh
Happy Birthday Daddy! I miss you so much. I know you are keeping watch over me and I will see you again one day. Thank you for always being a wonderful Daddy, a true Christian, a loving husband to Mama, a great example of humility, for teaching me so many things, like the value of a hard day's work, to always tell the truth, to praise God in good times and bad, to forgive those who hurt us, to never get above my raising, to be humble, consideration for others, manners, dignity, honor, family values, love of the outdoors, for teaching me to drive, to  love of animals, when to be quiet and still, the difference between "need" and "want", how to be content and grateful for what I have in my life, respect, kindness, unselfishness, the desire to learn how things work, and the ability to fix things, the value of common sense, and most importantly for loving me with an unconditional love!
2 years...wow I was thinking about  you the other day requsicat en pace
It's been a year, but I have gotten along very well without you, still the best one I have had but I'm doing well.
You were frustrating and sometimes annoying but you have left a dent in my heart
There will be a memorial service to Celebrate the Life of Wendy L Smith on October 10, from noon to 3pm. Email or call us at: pryncessj@comcast.net dallasm@uniglobeonline.com 1-302-547-0622 and we will forward you the information.   All are welcome to attend.
Dear Dallas, Julie and Mike, With abiding love you remain in my heart always, as does your mother and the cherished memories of our friendship over so many years. May Love and God's grace help to heal your wounded hearts and meet each of your needs and those of your loved ones. My love to all of you, Toni
Dallas, it was a pleasure to have met your mom on one of your annual picnics a few years ago. She was a great lady. God Bless you.
Dallas,Mike,Julia August 1, was a very sad day for alot of us but especially you kids.  Your mom was a great person and I was very lucky to have her in my life for as long as I did.  She was like a sister to me me and I will miss her greatly as you will.  Take care and hang in there only time can make it easier to bear.  My love to all of you Aunt Bev
Deloris, we are thinking of you and your family. Prayers and Hugs.
Dear family,I love you all.Praying for all of you.Dereck was an American hero.That served his country.He will be missed.Love you Bobby,Sue,Kyleigh
Ms. Edna, Deloris, and Family......Please accept our most heartfelt sympathies for your loss…our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family during this difficult time.
Happy 36th Birthday to my baby boy Seyon. I miss spending your special day together. You are the light to my ❤ and that light will be forever gone. I love and miss you every second of each day! Love from mama, baby.
Happy Birthday Seyon love you and miss
Happy birthday cousin time is flying we are getting closer to 40. I hope your enjoying your day miss you everyday love you with all my heart. HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Happy birthday to my little cousin lol inside joke seyon called me lil cousin and im the oldest lol i love you and miss you dearly thank you for always making me laugh and being my big cousin i love you.
Happy 35th birthday my loving son Seyon. I know you are celebrating in heaven and i will celebrate your special day in my ❤. I love you baby and miss you so much!
You'll  Always  Be  My Friend Seyon  Rest In Peace
Rest In Peace My Friend
I can't believe its been a year already. I think about u often and I wish I could hear your voice one more time. U use to call me on my birthday and with it coming up in two days, just knowing I won't get that call truly breaks my heart. I know the Lord water u home and even though it hurts that you are no longer here on earth, you are rejoicing in heaven with our father, The Lord Jesus Christ. I miss u Seyon so much and I will never forget the memories. They are definitely close to my heart.
I miss you i love you my cousin my friend will always be with us
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEYON YOU ARE TRULY MISSED.
TO MY LOVING NEPHEW GONE TO SOON BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN ,YOU WERE SUCH A LOVING SON AND I WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER HOW YOU LOVED YOUR FAMILY ,I KNOW ONE DAY I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN AND UNTIL THAT DAY REMEMBER AUNTIE LOVES AND THINKS A ABOUT YOU  ALL THE TIME YOU ARE IN MY HEART LOVE YOU SWEET SEYON
TO MY COUSIN UP ABOVE I THINK ABOUT YOU ALL THE TIME. GONE TOO SOON. TOMORROW YOU WOULD BE 34. I WISH I COULD HEAR THAT LAUGH AGAIN LOL... HAPPY BIRTHDAY COUSIN. I LOVE YOU...
Seyon, when I first heard that you passed away, I was in complete shock. I was just thinking about you because you always called me a couple of days before my birthday and when I didn't hear from you, I knew something was wrong. I wish I could have told you good bye, but then again, I don't know if I really could have said goodbye. Your in heaven now rejoicing with the lord. Tomorrow is your birthday and I wish I could pick up the phone to wish you a Happy Birthday. Since your not, I'll just look up at the sky tomorrow and wish u Happy Birthday. Enjoy your special day tomorrow in heaven and I'll see you again some day. Love u always
Seyon I will always love you, you will always keep the same special place in my heart forever. It seems like just yesterday you where planning for your  visit to Atlanta to see me. You always said I'm coming lil cuz knowing I'm older then you. :) rest peacefully knowing I'm taking care of your #1 your mom! I love always Happy Birthday missing you Everyday until I see you I heaven love you!
Tried to leave tribute on your birthday but I messed it up somehow.  Hoe do you tell someone 8meant so much to you how lost you feel without them.  Words are so inadequate.  So I will just say I love you and miss you more than I can ever express.  Love you forever Paulette
Happy 72nd Birthday momma! I think about you everyday.  Since you  have been gone nothing has been the same.  We are all doing well but it's just not the same.  The love, guidance and love you provided was unequaled.  Just know that we love and miss you terribly especially ythe grandbabies.   You and daddy made them special.  Until we meet again... I love you forever...
This day almost got away from me but thank God it didn't!  I love you so much and miss you forever!
Hi momma!  Yesterday was your birthday and I guess because I think about you everyday it didn't  dawn on me until Nikki called me.  I want you to know that even though my tears have dried some I love you as much as always and I will never forget what you have taught me and tried to instill in me in regards to family.  I will continue to try.  I love you always!!!  Love Paulette
Hi mom, I hope you and dad are together dancing the night away!  Love you and miss you so much! I'm trying to do the things you asked of me and with God's help Iwill ssucceed!
Love you now and forever!!
A year has passed. Rest in peace Big Brother!!!! I miss and love you!!!
Big Brother, Big Brother, man gone to soon! I just spoke with you that Monday. We sat at dad's and ate crawfish, we just buried our sister Mooky on the 17th and you stepped into heaven on the 24th. It's God will and I know you're resting in his presence.    I should've known because we walked out and you left, dad I watched you turn the truck around and pull off. For some reason I watched you leave until I couldn't see the brake lights. Man I miss you! Big brother!  Only for a short while God loaned Evangeline, and you to me.  Thank you God so much, rest peacefully in his presence my brother acknowledge him and he shall direct thy path. Bryan
Rj you will always be in my heart going to miss you  but Wil remember the good times we had so Take your rest                Love forever
Only For a Short While Oh, only for so short a while you have loaned us to each other, because we take form in your act of drawing us, and we take life in your painting us, and we breathe in your singing us.  But only for so short a while have you loaned us to each other. Because even a drawing cut in obsidian fades, and the green feathers, the crown feathers, of the Quetzal bird lose their color, and even the sounds of the waterfall die out in the dry season. So, we too, because only for a short while have you loaned us to each other.  -Aztec Indian Prayer
RJ you are truly missed,my big strong angel...r.I.p..kandiss &amp; Xavier
I am sorry your battle was long and hard but your suffering has ended. You will be remembered for the loving ways you had.  You will be missed from this earth.
Donna and family, I know Ronald will be missed, he always kept something going...he could make you angry and then next could make you laugh.  He was a character that's for sure.  I have loads of memories of times he worried Mrs. Etta but she always loved that nephew of hers.  Know that you are thought of and loved, Jean and Glenn Padgett
Hardest thing I have ever had to try to survive. My whole Heart went with you. Dad I will Love You forever and always. Every day I can't talk to you, takes a bit more of my soul.
R.I.P. Rebecca
R.I.P. Jerry
Rest in peace Cecil
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DARLENE.......I LOVE AND MISS YOU....71 AND I CAN'T IMAGINE NOT HAVING YOU HERE BUT I STILL CELEBRATE IT FOR YOU.....
I LOVE AND MISS YOU DARLENE...........IT SEEMS JUST LIKE YESTERDAY THAT YOU GOT YOUR WINGS.......YOU WERE MY BEST FRIEND AND MY HEART BROKE THAT DAY AND HAS NEVER BEEN THE SAME.......LOVE YOU
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DARLENE...I KNOW WE WOULD BE CELEBRATING YOUR BIG 70TH .........I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DARLENE.......MISS AND LOVE YOU
he was a good women and I will miss her
I LOVE AND MISS YOU .................YOU WERE MY BEST FRIEND.........MY HEART BROKE THAT DAY
My Darling Baby girl, you are missed today as much as the first day you passed.  Some days are easier than others and some days tear my heart into, again.  I think of you in heaven as welcoming all the young ones to heaven; loving and hugging them and telling them it's going to be okay.  You didn't have children here on earth but God has given you many now.  I love and miss you and will see you when my time comes.  Hug Daddy for me as I love and miss him too.
Today is your birthday miss you so much5 years have passed still feeling like it's yesterday love you with all my heart
been 2 years you have been gone . miss you so much. so lonely lost you too soon. I will always love you.my heart is so heavy. want 2 b with you but im told I cant . my one an only.
Longing to talk to you.  It's been so lonely with you gone.  Everyday that goes by I think of you or the kids. Like what would you say to this or respond to that. Remembering things we done over the years and wishing so badly that we could still do them.  We did some crazy stuff.  But God called you home for a reason. I love you sis!  Miss you more!
Pammie you've been gone an year now..  It's been so hard without you.  The need to talk to you has been overwhelming.  So much going on.  I try to think of what you would say for each situation.  Now that your gone I haven't had anyone to talk to. No one knows me like you did. My heart aches. I don't know how to keep going without you.  I keep your kiddos in my prayers and the grand babies are getting so big.  They are adorable. They miss you too.  Life seems empty now.  I love you sis.  I hope to see you soon.  Maybe we can go for a chocolate coke in heaven.  I miss you loads.
been a year now miss you so much very lonely how i want you in my arms my love its very hard to go on day to day thinking of you always
10 months ago i lost you has not been easy wish you were here with me i miss you a lot you have 14 grandbabys now god they are getting big an they miss there nana god bless you til we meet again my one and only   teddy bear
my wife friend loved her so much nana 2   about13 grandbabys she loved more than life omg wished she was here
There is not a day that don't go by that I don'the think about you.. I miss you so very much.  Our talks into the morning after staying up all night.  You always tried to drag me out of myself an teach me to stand up for myself.  We shared so much an I miss that.  I love you!!  Your never far away.  Always in my heart sis..
And yet another year has come and gone Jesse....You are missed &amp; loved by many here....Hoping you are resting in peace young man....
Hard to believe it has been this long...10 years..wow...many memories of you as a young boy...hope you are resting in peace young man...never forgotten.....
UNCLE JESSE, you are my idol no matter what I have a son wish you were here to meet him but I know that you are up there looking down and you could see him....I miss you so so much we did a lot of things together u taught me everything that I know about cars and stuff like that one day I'll be up there with you hanging out like old times so until the day comes for me I just wanted to say that I love you and u will always be missed R.I.P UNCLE JESSE DALE SMITH.
Hey Jessie Smith I didn't know u , u were a great person u were a great father to ur kids u looked happy all the time u will be missed I wish u were here to meet my family Jessie was a loveable guy we will meet some day I miss you lots and love u too u will never be forgotten love always Tammy Crowder
Jesse...Always loved having you around...will always remember your smile and laugh...R.I.P. Gone but never forgotten.
To my brother jesse Dale Smith .R.I.P someday we will be together again.until then I'll  hold your deep in my heart..love and miss you  baby brother..
I still can't believe you are gone, Uncle Kenny!  I can still see that wonderful smile of yours.  I miss venting to you...lol.  You always made me giggle.   I know you are celebrating in heaven with our angel Tabitha and Gramps.  Happy Heavenly birthday!
Still hard to believe that our dear Kboy is gone! He lives on in our hearts.  May God be with all the family as we remember him today and every day!
A year ago today you left us and went to your heavenly home. I miss you more than words could say. But I have in my heart such beautiful memories of both you and your dad.. Memories that bring smiles and tears. I thank God everyday that He blessed me with you - you brought joy and happiness to our family and to everyone who knew you. RIP my dear son.
I remember when you were a little boy and came swimming with a bandage on your foot - you were a cutie and when I saw you recently you were still a cutie!  We miss you and send all our love to your family.
Hi my dear nephew Kenny... can't believe it's been a year already since you left us but you'll never be gone... you're always in our thoughts and in our hearts....  I love and miss you so.... I'll always have wonderful memories of you.... I know one day we'll all see each other again...God Bless you.... love... your aunty Karen :)
On this first anniversary of your heavenly homecoming, I am grateful for the Cross and Empty Tomb of your Savior.  All my love and prayers for Kim and Dolores especially.  God bless you.
Hey cuz miss you hope you found peace. Miss The old days when we were kids and spent The day at your house in Rialto such good memories I know your with the Lord and in a better place love u cuz we will see each other again one day, john
I miss you Big Bird!
My Kenny. I miss you so much. I wish I could hold you one last time but I will always hold you in my heart. You are at peace now and with Tabitha give her a big kiss from Nana.XXXOOO
Love and miss you Kenny❤️❤️ RIP
Hey Buddy.  It was an Honor to have met you, to have known you,You will be missed..
Miss you Kenny hope your at peace now. Think of you daily and miss you.
Love you Uncle Ken!!!! May you rest in peace.  Miss you more than ever!
When I think of Ken, I see the smirk on his face, especially when teasing his mom.  And the smile he always greeted everyone with.  Rest in His peace.
I love you my cousin Kenny. You are missed so much. I treasure the times you stopped by to visit with my mom and I. I will forever remember that smile of yours and your laugh. I know you are at peace now and you are are in heaven with our Heavenly Father, Your Dad &amp; Granny (Grandma Ella) :) Love ya, Jenny
To my nephew Kenny... I love and miss you dearly...I so enjoyed the visits and talks we had and you always making me laugh when you wanted to mess my hair up.  lol   Lots of happy memories...  I know you're at peace now with our Heavenly Father... you might not be here but you will always be in my thoughts and in my heart...I love you, your aunt Karen...  :)
Dolores with deepest sympathy to you and your family with your loss of your wonderful son Kenny. May you find comfort knowing his is at peace with the Lord
Kenny was my friend from long ago and then became my brother in law.  Kenny was a very loving and kind man.  He loved his family, he loved his friends.  Kenny was quite talented on the guitar, writing many songs and being part of a band from time to time.  Oh, and we can't forget his love of trapping rattle snakes!  He will be sorely missed!  Now he's in heaven with his dad and at peace! Love you, K-boy!  "Can't wait until tomorrow," he would always say.
m sorry to see this.KENNY was a GOOD GUY...a GOOD GUITAR MAN,,,and  GOOD FRIEND....Miss you Bro,...May GOD BLESS The SMITH FAMILY ALWAYS!....rock on, BIG GUY!
hay ken will miss u we had good times in the desert,even though we stayed out of touch we r family love uncle tom
Not a day goes by that I don't think about you. You always made me feel so special and always told me you loved me. My kids adored you and hated the day you moved to CO. We missed stopping by your house. I know you are at peace now with the Lord. We love you and miss you a ton Uncle Kenny!! Xoxo
I love you Kenny Boy with all my heart. You brought such joy to my life and a few gray hairs. I know you are at peace and all your struggles are behind you. You are with your heavenly Father and with your daddy miss you both so much. I have so many memories that will be with me forever. We all miss you. From your "Ma"
Happy Heavenly Birthday, Mr. Smith!
Remembering Mr. Smith on the two-year anniversary of his transition to his heavenly home.  I am also honoring the legacy of three extraordinary sons as well as the incredible force of nature, Dr. Josephine Jackson-Smith. All of these individuals were an integral and inseparable part of his earthly journey.  Blessings forever!
In The Sweet Bye &amp; Bye" There's a land that is fairer than day And by faith we can see it apart For the father waits over the way To prepare us a dwelling place there In the sweet by and by We shall meet on that beautiful shore In the sweet by and by We shall meet on that beautiful shore We shall sing on that beautiful shore The melodious songs of the blest And our spirit shall sorrow no more Not a sign for the blessing of rest In the sweet by and by... In the sweet by and by...
Thank you, Lord,  on this March 17, 2016 for your gift of W. Harold Smith. We, his family sing your praise together for his years with us. There will always be something that will bring a thought of him to our mind. Today especially as I also Thank you for my Mother whose breath you took back on the date of W. Harold Smith's 45th Birthday.As a loving family we  are still learning more of your Grace.
Thee - it is so good to learn more about your amazing father. You have a proud legacy and one that you are fulfilling in your own beautiful way. You are no stranger to grief. I hope this time will open for you unexpected blessings. I hold you and your family in the light of grace and enduring goodness.
Dear Dr. Thee Smith and extended family, As they say in Ghana, "A Great Tree has fallen," in the passing of your father, a man who, indeed, accomplished much and helped many. He will be missed, but you have wonderful memories and legacies. As happens when a great tree falls in the forest, the very vacuum created in the tree canopy also allows light to penetrate the forest floor--to encourage and nurture young saplings. In his life, and in his demise, your father has been a champion of life. God bless you all. Kwesi and Latrisa DeGraft-Hanson and family.
Thee and Vida: our prayer attend you in these moments of sorrow and joy with so many memories! We bear you in our hearts during these times. Grace, peace and love  Charlie and Betty
Thee, your father had a wonderful and full life. He left his mark on this world and will be missed by all who were fortunate to have been helped by him.  May his soul rest in eternal peace.
Jessica I love and miss you very much! I am glad that I am your godsister! Thanks for saving my life! I hope I am able to make you proud of me.
For my Godsister Jessica! Happy Birthday to a dear friend and sister. I miss you so much. I love you. Youre so special to me and thanks for putting my dreams before yours. Hope you are having a great birthday party up in heaven
Jessica I love and miss you very much! I am glad that I am your godsister! Thanks for saving my life! I hope I am able to make you proud of me.
I love and miss you so much you will always be in my thoughts forever:(
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMMA I MISS YOU &lt;3
Love you Granny there are so many things that I wish you could be here for you are greatly missed and loved
I love &amp; miss you Angel..
I wish I had the chance to meet you Uncle Danny before you passed away. I love you very much and you'll always be in my heart. I am glad we got to talk while we could. It was nice to finally get in touch.
I can not believe that it has been almost 3 years since the Lord took you home. Dan i want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for all that you have done for me and our family, when you lived here in mass. you would always go out of your way to help someone &amp; never ever ask for anything in return. you have the most giving heart, caring heart. and by the way i still have the silver dollars that did not have in God We Trust printed on them, that you gave to your G-Great neice Lisandra (Lala) &amp; thank you for helping your Great neice when her car had no heat and you gave her the money to have it fixed and also for helping me and other members of our family. Oh i could go on &amp; on about your wonderful kind heart. I uploaded a picture of you at a younger age with your ex-wife Bette and your Son George just love that picture. Rest in peace ny Brother &amp; give love hugs &amp; kisses to all our family. Love Forever and Always you Sis Linda
Happy birthday Danny, You was a wonderful stepfather that everyone that knew that truly missed you dearly :(  But the great news we'll be seeing you once again someday..Happy birthday once again up in heaven with Jesus
n i never   know     you  so i you are  were  you blong
Dan was a very kind person that was always there when you needed a shoulder to lean on when things was tough. If you couldn't get some place and if he had the gas he was always welling to help out. He loved being with family including thanksgiving time. And if something broke he was always there to help out the best he could and that's why he earned the name MR.Fix it. Plus he loved going out to DD's at night for coffee and the most of all he had a lot of friends and everyone loved him and he will be missed but never forgotten.. And when the time comes we will see him once again up in heaven..
Hey dad sitting here watching your favorite movie cast away starting Tom Hanks lol another birthday of yours just past October11 dad it still seem not real to me ,really hard to believe that you're not here but it's true  I know the lord got you an all others family friends no more pain no worries but we love you dad always everyday we talk bout u an laughed about funny things you said an done that's what keeps us strong remembering the good times we all had with you dad keeps us at float  so I'll talk to you later dad love you an we will continue to talk about memories an laughed at the funny stuff laughter is healing an I try bringing up funny things to mom an brothers to keep the smiles coming talk to yo later  chungy hungy Nick name Wen I was Lil lol  pops were did u get that name from
Thanks for always being a real good friend all the time and i miss you, I can still remember the last time we talk, Much Luv, Ta Ya Big Bill....
Hi Honey, A thousand words couldn't bring you back... I know this because I tried, neither could a thousand tears...I know this because I cried, you left behind a broken heart and happy memories too... but I never wanted memories... I only wanted you.   Love you Wife
Hi Honey, this is a saying for you: People come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime.  When you figure out which one it is, you will know what to do for each person. When someone is in your life for a REASON, it is usually to meet a need you have expressed.  They have come to assist you through a difficulty, to provide you with guidance and support, to aid you physically, emotionally, or spiritually.  They may seem like a godsend, and they are!  They are there for the reason you need them to be.  Then, without any wrong doing on your part, or at an inconvenient time, this person will say or do something to bring the relationship to an end. Sometimes they die. Sometimes they walk away. sometimes they act up and force you to take a stand. What we must realize is that our need his been met, our desire fulfilled, their work is done. The prayer you sent up has been answered.  And now it Is time to move on. When people come into your life for a SEASON it is because your turn has come to share, grow, or learn.  They bring you an experience of peace, or make you laugh.  They may teach you something you have never done.  They usually give you an unbelievable amount of joy.  Believe it! it is real! But only for a season. LIFETIME relationships teach you lifetime lessons; things you must build upon in order to have a solid emotional foundation.  Your job is to accept the lesson, love the person, and put what you have learned to use in all other relationships and areas of your life.  It is said that love is blind but friendship is clairvoyant. "BILLY" Thank you for being a part of 46 years of my life. Love always Wife.
Remembered fondly . Rest in peace Paul , have a brill day up there with Mum dad Heather Bob and John xx
I can't believe it's been two years...not a day goes by without you in my thoughts.  My heart is heavy today...I miss you endlessly mama. I love you endlessly...forever.
Remembering your special birthday, Aunt Elyse.  How I miss those special phone calls - on birthdays and times when she was just thinking of me or I was thinking of her.  Her laughter and her caring brought much joy to me &amp; to others.  Aunt Elyse will always be in my heart!
Happy birthday mama...there just aren't enough words to express how deeply I love you nor how desperately I miss you.  Forever.
Mommy" Elyse, you have always been my second mom. I miss you more than ever. You were there for me as I grew up, and through all my trials and joys. Your bright smile could always make me feel loved and special, and your laughter could brighten any room and warm any heart. When Carri and then Karen were born, I took care of them like they were my own. Thanks to your kind and loving instruction, I knew how to take care of my babies when they were born! (Not to mention how to clean house!) I'll never forget all those times you and my mom, Bernie Barlow, would get together and sing Keely Smith big band songs and so many others. We didn't appreciate it as much then as we did in later years! We had so many fun times with our families together, vacationing, and holidays, and most weekends, but what I miss most is talking to you and seeing that warm, enveloping smile. Until I see you again, Love and hugs. ❤️❤️❤️
I will never forget any of my encounters with Aunt Elyse.  She had an infectious laugh, an incredible sparkle in those beautiful eyes, and she could hold her own with her obnoxious relatives like me!  She will be missed, but I am sure her and Grandpa Clyde are having some laughs.  Love to all of her family.
I was so fortunate to see Elyse recently and to give her a final hug and tell her how much I enjoyed being her friend and how much I would miss her. She was one fabulous lady.
Aunt Elyse was a very bright light in my life &amp; in the lives of many.  I loved being around her as she brought much joy into every situation.  She had a beautiful smile, contagious laugh, &amp; a heart of gold. She leaves us with many special memories. I'm so glad I was a recipient of her generous love! Thank you Aunt Elyse for the beautiful role model you were!  Love you!!
I love and miss you so incredibly much, Gammy. I'm so thankful for time I had with you, and all of the happy memories we shared. Thank you for your never ending love and support.
Sorry for your loss girls. Loved your mom. She will be missed.
Thank you for the life lessons, the love of music, and for raising me to know what spirituality is (as opposed to religion), to keep an open mind, and to live in absolute faith.  I love you, mama, beyond words...I miss you more than I ever thought possible.  Until I see you again.........
I love you mom.  And i miss you.  Thank you for a lifetime of love.
Happy mother`s day to you and I want you to know I miss and love you so very much! I wish you were here with me! You are more than my godmother you are my best friend. Thanks for being an amazing godmother and friend!
Happy mother`s day to you and I want you to know I miss and love you so very much! I wish you were here with me!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO A SWEET LOVING GODMOTHER AND FRIEND! I LOVE AND MISS YOU VERY MUCH!
I miss you so very much honey!
It is hard to believe on 5-18-15 You will be gone 5 years already.
YOU ARE ALWAYS LOVED AND MISSED .BY EVERYONE
My dad was amazing , hardworking all around good person . I never seen anyone in my whole life hoping that someday he would be able to give my mother the little white house with the picket fence . I know he lived everyday for his family even when he was sick for several years he always had a beautiful smile and so much love. I miss him everyday until we me again daddy  &lt;3
Miss you everyday, forever in our hearts
Though I am not on the grounds, so I don't see you and the Airedales, I will also miss seeing Bob.  He was always so kind and gracious to Shadow and me, and later Toby (my Westie) I echo Bill Clinger's testimony, although I never knew about Bob's surgical skills. Fondly, Laura Damon
Bob was a great surgeon who saved and enhanced may lives in Warren Pennsylvania over many years.He was also a terrific small boat sailer who won many races on Lake Chautauqua. He was a good friend and I valued his always thoughtful perspective on just about everything. He was a wise and caring human being and I mourn his loss. Bill Clinger
I love and miss you sooo much mom.
Father in  heaven  thank  you for blessing  us  with a  father.  Lot of  hugs but  none  of  these  hugs are  as  warm as  your we  miss   you  Happy  Birthday  Dad!  We  love  you
never got to tell you how much you mean to me that you were. best dad , than any man could be.I'm so sorry. I. were not. there to. give. you one last. hug. so. tight. just see your. big. smile.  So many. hearts. are.  broken.  The. day. you. passway.  R.I.P.  Daddy. I.  love.  you.
Happy Birthday Dad,  I  alway  knew that  losing you would  be hard.Don't get me wrong  I'm  very thankful for the time we had together. The  loss of  father is  a  heavy  burden to bear. I  never  got   to say  goodbye.Thinking  of  you  on  your  Birthday ! You are in my heart alway.Bobie  I  Love you Dad .And  i miss you  so  much
I miss him a lot :( - his youngest &amp; his lil brat
Well. My love for u will always  be  forever lasting..
Vc Smith...daddy u was my everything. Thank u for  every thing. That you have given me life ..I will take what u gave me.and be a better man love u....
My dad was a very special man...He loved  all  his children's with all his heart. there  notning   that  can  take  his  place . Dad  was  really  sweetstrong heart person. And i still cry daily as i miss him.....                 RIP...Dad
Dad I want you back
I STILL THINK ABOUT YOU A LOT AND ALWAYS WILL &amp; I WILL ALWAYS HAVE YOU IN MY HEART &amp; I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU &amp; I KNOW WE WILL MEET AGAIN SOME DAY.                          LOVE YOUR NEICE  .                         RENEE' WALKER
I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART &amp; I WILL ALWAYS MISS YOU AND I PROMISE YOU THAT I WILL MAKE SURE DAD &amp; DANNY ARE TAKING CARE OF CUZ I KNOW YOU WORRIED ABOUT BOTH OF THEM WELL I WILL LOOK OUT FOR BOTH OF THEM FOR YOU
Sorry for your loss Tina and family!!!! Tell Paw paw I'm sorry and give him a hug for me....
Will miss you Theda and will always love you.  Your Lisa
Aunt Theda Im lost but I'll be found again when I come to see you. We all Love &amp; Miss you so much and Chancer said he will hold the fort down down for you.. Love you my Beautiful Angel..
I don't think I met you but you have a wonderful family and they will meet you dearly.
Forever in our hearts!
Mom you will alway be truly miss in our hearts.
you my dear sister ....your passing was a complete shock to all of us...you were my big sister the one who was always there when I was in trouble...who did I call...you....you left us way too soon....had so many more phone calls for help....I love you sis and will never stop...you had two awesome sons...and grandchildren......and we all love and miss you so very much...r.i.p. and make sure you save us a place at that table...remember I eat like a horse...love you sis
Miss you aunt Cheryl. &lt;3
Miss you more than I can stand. I think of you everyday. I keep waiting for it to be easier but that day never comes. You were my hero, a huge part of me went with you. I love you dad.
hello dad...It has been a while since I wrote to you...but I miss you every day....you not only were you my father...but also my hero....someone I looked up to and someone who I didn't appreciate until you were gone...I wasted so many years staying away because I didn't agree with things...boy was I a fool...you were right life is and still is hard....god I miss you and wish you were here to give me a swift kick in the ass....r.i.p. dad...I love and miss you oh so much...will see you again soon
Miss you Grandpa, love you! &lt;3
Lois is responsible   for me being so very spoiled, I think she started it,[as I was told] she let me eat as many hot peppers as I wanted [ and I wanted a lot]still do she held me when I was sick , hummed songs to me. rocked me to sleep when I was being bad, and let me get away with a lot, I loved and respected her dearly. the last time I seen her I was 16 and preg. with my first son, and she treated me the same as she always did.I was soooo blessed to be loved by this woman, I do love and miss her. thank you for all the great memories my other mother .Lois
Mom...I love and miss you more and more everyday...you were and always will be the most important lady in my life...When you left me I no longer had birthdays...they are years that make it one step closer to being with you....I know you are at peace but I also know you still worried about us....don't worry. We all will be together again soon....GOD bless you and just remember how much we love and miss you...
Miss you Grandma. &lt;3
Love and miss you, Mom. Wish you were here to update you on all the things that are happening. Enjoy your rest. See you soon.
Though you are no longer with us, we carry the precious memories in our hearts!
It is your birthday today. Wish you were still around. Would love to talk to you. Love you lots.
Happy Birthday Mom, Thinking about you today and I miss you. Love Ellen
Happy birthday, Mom. Dad and I are missing you today. We are wishing that you were with us. I am looking forward to the morning with great expectancy. Love you.
A lovely, kind lady, I'm sure she will be greatly missed by her family and friends!
I came to know Marilyn after my sister married her son, Byron. I visited Jan and Byron often in Arizona and usually stopped by to chat with the Smiths. Marilyn was always warm and welcoming and showed an interest in my life. It was a privilege to know her and she will be dearly missed. RIP Marilyn, and see you in The Morning!
Mom has always been an inspiration to me.  There are a lot of jokes going around about mothers in law but I can honestly say that none of them have ever applied to mom.  She was always concerned but never meddling, always available when needed but never pushy.  She has been a great inspiration and example to her children and grandchildren as well as many students throughout the years.  What greater legacy could anyone leave than the example of a Godly woman, mother and wife that she was.    I’m so proud to have been a part of her family and will greatly miss her.  Gracious, Godly woman are hard to come by these days but because of her influence they are a little more plentiful.  I am confident that her reward will be great.  What would we do without the blessed hope?  Love you mom.
I spent about 2 years with Mr and Mrs Smith, He was my favorite teacher because of his raging love and passion for us kids to keep us on the straight and narrow. I remember him telling me he had to stop talking with a fellow who was running down his wife because he did not want that to influence his own committed relationship with his own wife. I love the whole Smith family and it was in Charlies bible class on the great controversy I seen God had a JOB and through the sanctuary service GODS JOB was to save me. I was changed from that day to this believing the GOD will finish the work He began in me. I loved Marilyns popovers...mmm deadly yummy. I love her everything the way she carried herself ...such an example of womanhood. I am sooo looking forward to catching up in heaven. Love Charlene
Mrs. Smith, never could call her Marilyn, super special lady in my  life, i remember her smile, her way of teaching you how and why to do something. Bible readings to canning to making peanut butter, thought of you often, will miss you Mrs Smith
Marilyn was my second mother, she was there for me when I was happy and sad may she rest in peace.  There is no doubt in my mind she will have a special place in heaven.
Well, I remember her being a wonderful woman and having some sort of class in her basement.  I don't remember which class. I have thought about her from time to time wondering how they were(the Smiths). I will miss her more now.
I attribute my conversion to my dear mother. She was a perfect example of practical Christianity. And she lived it in the home…  See the rest under Stories tab.
The Lord's loved ones are precious to Him; it grieves Him when they die."  Psalm 115:15 NLT "You keep track of all my sorrows. You have collected all my tears in your bottle. You have recorded each one in your book." Psalm 56:8 NLT
I met "Grandma Smith" almost 10 years ago, when we moved to Canada. Her beautiful smile, gentle ways and words of wisdom captured my attention right away. She was very much a matriarch and no doubt blessed many younger mothers with the wisdom she has gathered by both experience and age. We have had many talks over the years and as I think back on those wonderful moments I feel blessed and privileged to have known her. Elegance and grace were attributes that she was know for. Very classic indeed in dress but equally classic and even more beautiful in character, beauty that endures the test of time. She was a reflection of the One that is altogether lovely. A beautiful life, well lived............., great example to all of us! May God help each and everyone of us to be so faithful that it can be said of all "well done my good and faithful servant". To sum it all up Proverbs 31: 10-31, describe her best. She will be greatly missed!
Marilyn, My Second Mother From the very start of my memories you were there, "you don't have to go to sleep just close your eyes" you said. "Always sit while you are eating", that sad story of your twin sister was the example.  My first move away from home was to your home the sting of homesickness was lessened as you took the role of second Mom.  Your homemaking skills, especially those on keeping a beautiful home have greatly influenced my own taste in decor, in a way you surround me. Tonight for supper we ate your potato soup, I let my memories take me... The last place I lived before I got married was once again in your home. I think you enjoyed the romance in the air and the wedding planning, you even skillfully sewed the bodice of my wedding dress as my own mother had struggled with. When I was preparing to move out into my own home you pulled my fuzzy pajamas out of the garbage can and arranged for them to be gifted to me at my lingerie party, I'm sure you got a few laughs out of that one.  My dear second Mom, although the miles have separated us over the years seeing you four years ago at another sad occasion was like no time had been in between, I will never forget the twinkle in your eye as you told me about having your own bakery at your age, and yes it was something to be proud of. Now it's not miles that separate us but time, for you it won't seem long but for those of us who wait until Resurrection morning we'll once again sing a song that years ago we tearfully sang as you and your family prepared to leave for Wiemar. To this day when these words are sung my memory takes me back to that tearful moment.     Blest be the tie that binds     Our hearts in Christian love;     The fellowship of kindred minds     Is like to that above.     Before our Father’s throne,     We pour our ardent prayers;     Our fears, our hopes, our aims are one,     Our comforts, and our cares.     We share our mutual woes,     Our mutual burdens bear;     And often for each other flows     The sympathizing tear.     When we asunder part,     It gives us inward pain;     But we shall still be joined in heart,     And hope to meet again. I love you Second Mom and will miss you, I'm asking our Dear Father to surround each of your loved ones and soften the ache in their hearts.  See you in the Morning! Love,  Shawna
I'll never forget Marilyn...her winsome smile, large brown eyes, soft lisp, and gentle laugh.  She was ever busy, but still had time to speak a bite.  We always felt welcome at her home in both British Columbia and Arizona.  Her meals were tasty and healthy. And while her home was clean and orderly, yet you felt relaxed and comfortable being there.  She reminds me of the perfect wife and mother described in Proverbs 31.  I can hardly wait to see her again.  It won't be long now and we'll be going home.  What a day that will be!  Thank You, Jesus for that blessed hope.
Marilyn was a sweet, gentle woman.  I looked up to her as an example of a Godly wife and mother.  She would look for the humor in situations and I remember many good laughs over incidents that would have upset others.  I am so thankful for God's precious promises, and for the precious hope of life together through eternity, with no more parting.
I always liked Marilyns calm personality as a much younger person I'm afraid I tested it quit a bit and don't recall her ever getting upset. She was a real good friend with mom and they chatted about whatever when time permitted, Marilyn you have a special place in my heart. RIP see ya in the morning
I love u my big brother, I'm sorry to see you leave but I know it's GODS'  will, but I miss you with every passing moment, I wish I was there when u left, I was just thinking about you and decided to tell you a few things that I miss about u, number 1: your infectious smile, your kindness,and the way u treated me as your lol brother, I love you always,and I'll see you on the other side. You may be gone but you will never be forgotten.  I LOVE YOU YOUR LIL BROTHER  BONES
Shane you are in Steamboat Springs.....high on the mountain top and on your way on the river to Utah to visit your mom. God bless !
God bless you dear Shane. You are so loved by so many. I wish I had the chance to know you as much as I could have. I was blessed to know you. Love you Shane. Shelley Johnson
Shane, I only saw you a few times when you were very little. However, your Mother has always been like another daughter to me. One of many. So loving her, means loving you too. Sharon Martonyak Hoffman
God bless you Shane. So young when the lord took you in his arms. You are and always will be loved down here on earth. Tina Louise Marie Giovanniini
Shane we miss you so much the love down here for you is amazing  but now memmy joined you so please take care of her and I bet she was so happy when she seen your beautiful smile zags in love you Shane Darlene Andrews
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMY! I miss you so bad I feel you here sometimes I just wish we would have said well when this happens you jnow its me. We didnt do that I don't think. I
Momma what do I do
I cant belive your gone remember wakin up grama would already be drinking coffe Alreadys smokin the morning cig good morning hito she tought me so much and made me as strong as I am today without her I would be who knows were love u grama  rest up !!  She used to say love you my hito .... withh alllll my heart
Hi girls, this is your brother Chancer Jr. I am sorry to here about the loss of your mother. I remember her when you guys lived in Ft. Wayne. Dad owned a restaurant and I loved your moms cooking. I hope you all still remember me. God Bless
I miss you so much. How can I do this
Thank you God for helping me through today!  Happy  Birthday Mommy
Good Night mommy, see you in my dreams. I LOVE &amp; MISS YOU DEARLY!!!
I MISS YOU MOMMY!
Today is one of the most memorable but a very sad day for me because on this day four years ago you left us. It is very hard for me to write this without crying.  Words cannot express how much I miss you.  I know this is how life is so I am glad to see you out of pain.
Today is your 71st Birthday, I wish you were here for me to say Happy Birthday to you. It hurts me so bad that you are gone.  I will still miss you and love you. It hurts me not to be able to pick up the phone and call you.
Hey big sister I am all choked up as I write this. I miss you so much everyday.  It  is very hard to live without you. However there are some things you you taught me that I will never forget.  I always tell your children to call me if they need me.  I try to be the best aunt I can. I can't write any more because I am crying.  I will always love you.
My baby my heart is still so heavy I miss you so much you was the one that no matter what you always know what to say.  Mama you was so perfect and I just keep praying that I can be hakf the women you was but let's keep it real it's hard filling a Queens shoe.  Tell my daddy hi and I love him the boys are fine and love their new school we getting ready for our trip and dont worry you'll be in my purse I love mama
To my beloved sister, time has not healed the loss of your wisdom, your advice, you saying Anna "don't do that". I know when you left heaven got one of the best.  I will forever miss you and love you.  Kelly misses you so much and she took your picture with her when she moved. I still ask you questions in my mind and wish you were hear to answer. With all my love happy birthday.
Baby I really in my feelings today.I didn't want to go out the house I just miss you so much mama. I really just want you to hold me right now I miss our talks laughs fussing I know you watching over me and the boys but I love you and miss you mama remember that I will always remember the times we shared my wonderful mother
Well baby it's my 36th birthday and if I remember clearly you always said you were 36 years older than me. Insider I miss you more than ever our laughs fussing and just to hear your voice. The struggle is real without you but through prayer and faith I'm stronger everyday  I know you are looking down on me and my daddy getting my 36 dollars ready lol I will forever be grateful to have had a wonderful woman like you to call you  mama
My baby not a day goes by I don't think about you.  I love and miss you dearly.  We are in Orlando your first real vacation site.  The boys are fine your baby is a little worst now but hey you created him.  I love you mama tell daddy we love and miss him as well.
I hope you didn't think I would send a message today it's been 10 months without you well without seeing your face and hearing your voice.   I remember things that you would say and not to meant Via Cow mouth and Darius at times under his breath but I miss you mama love you
Happy birthday mama as I lay here I think about you everyday.  It's hard I want lie but Money is helping me out so don't worry. I just pray that I can become half the woman you was I love you and miss you so much
My baby well as you know your son is 5 today and he misses you dearly as well as Darius, we love you and miss you balloons will cone up later I love you always
My sweetheart my days without you seem unreal I continue to pray and hope to become like you miss you and I love you Rip msms
My sweetheart my life is different not seeing you everyday.  My baby we miss you so much.  I even miss the old guy lol I love you
Happy mothers day queen love you
My love today marks 4 months I think about you daily.  Just miss our talks fussing laughing eating and just your voice.  My sweet baby I truly miss I love you
Well it's after 12 on my birthday I miss you so much I wish you was here to cook for me but I'm fine baby I know that you are watching over us I love you and the boys as well hugs and kisses.
Hey baby just sitting here thinking about you. I miss you and love you so much.
It has been a little over a month since you have left us. The 28 of January was a hard day. It seems as if nothing went right that day. I missed my best friend. My heart is still heavy but I know you are in a better place, Love Monica
To my mother who I missed so dearly. The last few weeks have been hard. The hardest thing I had to do was plan you funeral. I know you are in a better place and you are looking down on us. I miss my best friend. Love Always Monica.
To my oldest sister, I love you more than anyone will ever know.  I miss you more and more each day. My heart is still aching. I love you but I know God loves you more.
!!!
I love you, Dad. You are missed terribly.
Miss you, Dad.
Just wanted to let you know I am thinking of you all and hope you are all doing well. Miss you all. God Bless.
Today is your 74 birthday and it has been almost 3 years since you left us. We missed you so much I know you are looking down us. We love you .Monica, Darius (Tunk) and Travis (Cow).
Hey baby I couldn't log on to my account but I hope you had a great day well I know you did with God and my daddy I love you and miss you so much and the kids are bad as hell but they doing well
Meme help me my mom was about to hit me with drum sticks mimi help me mom my mom was tomorrow do you mean was about to mean we were going to see you
Happy birthday my queen. It doesn't seem like two years but it has.  Mama I miss you more each and everyday I miss our talks the arguments but you know that was our thing. I hope you having the best birthday party but I know you are because you are in heaven watching over your family. The boys are doing fine they love their new school.  So lady as I close but never my heart happy birthday to you happy birthday to you happy birthday mama happy birthday to you
My love I'm thinking about you daily.  I miss our talks laughs and not to mention the fussing.  Life is different with out you.  We are having family dinner at Tee Deborah house and mama Anna is always here for me Sweet heart I miss you I love you  Angela Yours boys are okay too and they miss you Barbara (insider)
Hey baby just sitting here thinking about you.  My birthday is in a week knowing you not here to make my day is so scary. Mama my dear mama I miss you.  I know you are watching over us I just think about you daily.  The boys are fine they miss you as well and your cooking  (Money is doing her thing making sure they eat) Malcolm is okay and my daddy you know.  All on all I miss you and I will love you always.
Well baby not a day gone by where I miss talking to you my bad fussing lol. My heart is so heavy today but I know you are in a better place pain fee. Mama Anna is helping put a lot so know that I'm fine the boys are okay I love you and I miss you and miss u with all my heart.
To my mother not a day has past since you left us we have not thought about the good times we have had. You were a good listener and a good teacher. I will never in my lifetime find another person to take the place of you. I truly missed you everyday. Love Monica.
This is to the best mama in the whole wide world. I paint a picture daily trying to be strong and then I just remember all the times we shared laughing fussing and her making me cry.  But one thing what out tops this lady was that she was always honest sweet and will give you her last.  My my I pray to God that I become half the woman she was.  I'm not the crying type but  this one is hard I miss you mama I love you so much I wish I could just hug and kiss you now but until that happens thank you for everything I will keep you in my heart and I love you
To my oldest sister, I love you and  will forever miss you.  You meant so much to me. I know you had to go, although it hurt me so much. I know God loved you more.
Dear Carol and family, please accept my sincere condolence for your lost of your dear mother and loved one, Jean. However, please have peace and comfort in knowing that Jean is in God’s memory awaiting the time to awaken from sleep as described in John 5:28, 29 and Psalm 37:29. Lift your spirits from profound sorrow to great joy  by viewing the bible’s comforting message found on, www.tinyurl.com/mezwv23
“York napsütése rosszkedvünk telét Tündöklő nyárrá változtatta át.
Imagine.. over 4 years since you left us all Buff.. You r missed by so many.. and Sierra &amp; I talk About u often.. Smile and celbrate “ up there” today Buff.. You r so loved.. Bobbi
Thinking of you today and all the good loving memories we have of you.  I miss you.
Although you are gone from here... And I can't see you...I can't talk to you...I can't hug you or laugh with you... I know you are around every now and then and that makes me happy. I will see you again some day. Until then, I'll miss you.
Buff, Sierra &amp; I think of You every day , as we go for our walks,  and go about our daily lives in this wonderful Place you &amp; I hoped to spend many many years. We know u r at peace and enjoying so many wonderful people and friends ( and dogs!) . It is very hard to believe 4 years have passed.. We miss you like it was yesterday you left.
Buff, We Know you watching over us all... And although miss u terribly, I am so grateful you no longer are un Pain... take care of my family and yours that are now with u... u r so loved.. Bobbi &amp; Sierra
How can it possibly be 3 years that you have  been gone, Buff.
Buff, These past two years have been so hard, missing you and wishing your were here to share my life. We " talk" often, so I don't have much new to say...except that Sierra and I are missing you every day. Hug Bud, Xena, Midge, your Mom &amp; Dad..and have a peaceful Christmas. I LOVE s you, Bobbi &amp; Sierra
Missing you Dad...
Love you Dad.  Missing you.
Have a special day " up there", Buff..... You are so missed...... Bobbi &amp; Sierra
Happy Birthday Buff.  thinking of you often!!
y thay brings you to mind once again......remembering your gentle being.......
Happy Birthday, Buff.. Sierra &amp; I have you deep in our hearts, are are working hard every day to heal....and  figure out our lives without you physically here. You have left so many memories.....and we miss you terribly... Be at peace, sweetheart..... You are so so loved... Bobbi
Dear Dad, Happy 71st Birthday!  I miss you and love you very much, Kristen
Happy Birthday my friend....................thinking of you.
To All, Thank you so much for attending my dads service yesterday.  He would be so honored to have you all there saying such nice and loving words about him. I have had several people come up to me over the last day telling me that everyones reading was so wonderful and they feel like they know him more now than ever and can appreciate who he was and what he stood for.  I am so thankful for all of you. Love, Kristen
Although you were a man of few words, your hugs told all and expressed the love and affection that was in your heart for your friends and family. Today we formally say good-bye, but you will forever remain in our hearts and memories.
“Almighty God, as we play through  our 18 holes of life, we pray that you will  give us a drive that’s both long enough  to reach our goals, and yet straight  enough to keep us out of trouble. “Help us avoid the traps and hazards  of life; nevertheless, should we find  ourselves in them, give us the tools,  skills and desire  to escape them with no penalty.  May we always stay in bounds.”  “Help us to be willing to stand by - and not play through - those in genuine  need. May we always play with honor.”  “And finally, when we’ve putted out on  the 18th green, we pray that we will have  demonstrated the integrity of our character,  so that you will judge us worthy enough  to join your threesome and play eternally  on your heavenly course. Amen.” Author: Unknown  Eternal Peace, Buff.
Hey Buff sorry to see you leave while still so young. Although not that close in high school you always reminded me of Clint Eastwood. When I last saw you at the 55th you looked even more like him. Always remember you being a quiet guy with a perpetual smile. Maybe I'll have the opportunity to get to know you better on the other side. Deb and I send our condolences to all of your family.
Driving into the beach, you could pick out Buff in an instant.  He always stood out (and usually above) in the crowd, whether at a breakfast on the beach or party at night.  We will all miss the tall, humorous man wearing aviator glasses.  At 70, he looked remarkably similar to when he was 40.  He was a constant.  After decades of seeing him, it is hard to think he is no longer going to be there.  We will miss him.
Our sympathies to Buff's daughters, family, and especially to Bobbi, who lovingly cared for him throughout his illness.  How fortunate he was to have her at his side after losing Midge.  He will be missed by Joe and all his golfing friends in The Villages.
My dear, wonderful friend how I will miss knowing you aren't too far away, at least by phone, to have a chat and undoubtedly a few chuckles.  You will be in my heart.  What fun we had in the two years I spent at Wellesley High School....some of it wayward.  We formed our little clan, The Big Seven...............Eliot, Jonesy, Murph, Raoul, DeSesa, Buff &amp; Tank (me).  We soon included Curt &amp; Ray, but it was still 7.  None of us were that great at arithmetic!  As it happens in life, people move and lives change and we saw and spoke with each other less frequently, but in reality the group is still intact inside of us.  The two years we were roommates in the Back Bay were when we really got to know each other and I found out that one of my whacky high school pals was a truly solid and supportive friend.  After those two years, life happened and here we are.  A sad day filled with wonderful memories.  How often did I, the loudmouth wise-ass, carry on with some antic, story or self-embarrassment only to have you sum it up with a word.  It was often the four letter one starting with F, but when you said it there were 9 U's.  Or maybe it was the seven letter one starting with A.  In any case you were clear, saying as much with a word as I said in a speech.  Lastly, when we walked together we were Mutt and Jeff, nearly a foot difference in height.  We will stiil walk together, my friend.  Lovey ya Buff.  Tank
Buff, It is difficult to put into words how very much you are missed. When we met, our song was " No more cloudy days", by The Eagles, having both lost lifelong spouses. Our love of Naples, boating, golfing, and the joy of our families and special friends brought us many happy years together. Our time together was too short..... You will be in my heart forever. Sierra and I keep hoping you will just " walk thru the door"
Dear Kristen, Shannon, Bobbi and families, We were so sad to hear of Buffs passing. We saw him this past summer and shared his optimism for defeating his illness. We are very sorry that didn't come to pass. He was a good, kind, caring man, with a special wit.  His gentle unique spirit and sweet smile will be missed. Our Deepest Sympathies,  Kathy and Bernie Michals
Buff was truly an icon at Sebago Lake and someone that we will never forget.   Even though he quieter than most he maintained such a presence and was a great friend to us all.   We will miss him.   - Gregg
I have fond, warm memories of Buff. Kind, quiet, good looking! I am sorry he had to suffer. May he rest in peace.
I will never forget meeting Buff at the White House on Sebago Lake and thinking 'why is Clint Eastwood here drinking beer with that kid' (Gregg Cohen)? His quick wit was shared with only a few of us, who always appreciated his subtle commentary on life. If Midge was our godmother then Buff must be the godfather, a whiskey and amaretto that not everyone can truly appreciate. He was always watching and observing, offering a funny comment or two then silently disappearing from the party. We did notice when he left though. He will be missed.
pecial man, a special father, a special husband, a special grandfather, and a very special friend to many....tho your physical being is no longer here, your spiritual being will live on in the hearts of ALL your family and friends.....forever.....XXO....faith
To Papa,  i love you i am so sorry you could not come to Christmas with us . But now you are not in any pain .Thats a good thing. I miss you more than anything.We all miss you but you are in a good place now, you are with Gramma, Xena, Bud, Gus, Star, and Suzie. i Love you more than anything.YOU ARE THE BEST PAPA IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD. I LOVE YOU.     Love, Madeline
To Papa, You are the best papa in the whole entire world.I love you very much.I hope you had a very happy time when I came up to see you in Florida.you are in a happy place with Gramma,Xena,Bud,Gus,and Suzie.We love you very much!!!!!!                                                       Love,                                                  Rhiannon
Dad, You gave me comfort, laughs, guidance, and love.  I will miss our chats, your sense of humor, your heart-felt letters, your funny faces and your hugs.  Happily though, I feel you are still with me in my heart.    I love you, Shannon
Dad,  You will be forever missed. You were always a strong and protective father and I thank you for years of support and love. May you rest in peace and know you will be missed. Love, Kristen
Miss u so much
Happy New Year in Heaven
It is with great sadness that I have just now read about Mansfield's passing.  I am so sorry I didn't pursue saying farewell a year ago.  Mansfield and I had some wonderful times together, predominantly with Linda at Fallen Leaf Lake.  I loved them both.  They were wonderful, caring and loving, and are being sorely missed.  I thank God for the privilege to have known them both.
Wendy, Jennifer and Field, As I was going through certificates of Thane's I saw your fathers name and wondered how he was. It was with great sorrow that I learned of his passing. I lost my dear Thane on July 17, 2014. We all were such good friends and had spent many wonderful times together. A fabulous era has passed. I shall miss hearing from Mans and his dear Linda. God bless you all and know that my thoughts are with you and your families. Joanne
Mansfield was my friend and my son's doctor.  I always knew when I needed to make a decision he would help me.  My son was not expected to live to graduate from high school but will celebrate his 45th birthday June 5th.  Other doctors tried to tell me he was too emotionally attached to Bryan to be objective but thats exactly why I wanted him to stay on the case.  I wanted him to treat my son the way he would treat his own son. God bless him for all he did.  My son is alive today because of him.  I will always remember him in prayer.
Jennifer, Wendy and Field, your Dad meant a lot to me and always will. I'm sure I don't need to tell you how lucky you were to have him as your father. I remember when I had first met him around 10 years old at my grandparents house.  The stories he could tell...  The time has flown by but I will always cherish and celebrate my love for your father and my Aunt Linda as long as I live. Mansfield to me has always been a great father, a great husband, and a great friend. I spent my fair share of summers on that lake and even was lucky enough to be one of the few to get married there. He will be missed terribly.  My condolences to you and your families.  Daniel Williams
Jennifer, Wendy and Field Your father meant a lot to me and will be greatly missed by me and the Ballantyne family.  My thoughts are will you all.
I was a patient of Dr. Smith for over 25 years in San Jose and UC Davis in Sacramento.  He was a friend as much as he was my doctor.  His knowledge in Otology was astounding.  He did successful surgeries on my ears in my later years of which I was told as a child, nothing more could be done.  I will miss his wonderful personality and his great sense of humor.  May he rest in peace now.   Verna C. Noyd
For anyone attending the memorial 1/10 here are directions: Take the UC Davis exit from I-80 following signs to the Mondavi Center/Gateway District. Go east on Old Davis Road and either park in the parking structure on Hilgard Street or proceed to Old Davis Road and Alumni Dr. Parking lot 1 is to the right and the Walter A. Buehler Alumni Center is to the left on Alumni Drive. The memorial is in the Alumni Center from 2-4pm.
Wendy, Jennifer, and Field, I had the privilege of working with Mansfield at UC Davis.  He was a tremendous leader in our surgical field and was a warm, caring, engaging physician and teacher.  He and Linda were incredibly welcoming to our family when we came to Sacramento and visited them up at Fallen Leaf Lake.  He and his smile will be missed. Greg Farwell, M.D.
Dear Wendy, Jennifer and Field,  I am so sorry to learn Mansfield died recently.  He was a very close friend and colleague of Mark Rafaty and a tremendous support to me after Mark's death. We both loved him! Mansfield hired me for the Northern California Transplant Bank and, in particular, helped me become Development Director of JWPOSD, a position I loved for twenty years. Neither would have been possible without his help and support and I appreciated both.  I hope to see you in 2015. Margo.
Dear Jennifer, Wendy and Field:  I am so sorry to learn of your Dad's death.  He always put a smile on all of our faces here at Rancho Yerba Buena.  His sense of humor was infectious, and I especially appreciated the special relationship he had with my Dad.  The twinkle in your Dad's eye will live on with me and many others, I'm sure.  Take care.  Peggy Kuhn Thompson
Hi Wendy, Jennifer and Field: Your Dad was truly irreplaceable. He loved people and stories, and he was someone I'll always feel proud to call a friend. Our fire department may never have become a reality without his efforts, and its success is just one example of the many, many ways his life enriched us all. You already know how much we miss him already. Much love and many thoughts and prayers to you three and to Charlotte too. Jeanie and Mike
Thank you for coming to this site.   It is obviously a work in progress.  We are busily tracking down photos to be used at either memorial so if you have any please post them here.   If you have a great story we would love to see it. We all loved Mansfield whether we called him Dad, Dr, friend, Manpa or just sir.  That was his magic. Thanks for your help and support. Jennifer, Wendy and Field
There will be a memorial on 1/10/2014 at the Alumni Center, UC Davis 2-4 pm. There will also be a celebration of Mansfield's life this summer at Fallen Leaf Lake.  As soon as arrangements have been confirmed we will post an update.
From your nice Jennifer
Aunt bard wish you where here on earth with us this new baby Katie give us is great ever time I see her I think off you and your bday just passed no cake this year hope you dance!!:) my Angel in haven till we meet again love you miss u much!
Thinking of you my Angel till we meet again!
Love you aunt bard miss warping the gift for you this year at Christmas miss you so much seen two eagles flying over the new house you r with  Use love you so much miss you ever day!
Miss
Aunt Barb, I love you and miss you so much. I'm thinking about how we use to wrap presents together. Alivia made bread today you would be so proud of her.
been ten years momma and seems like yesterday....love and miss u more every day...heather got engaged Dec.31,2016.. lil ced's 3rd birthday.....wish u were here
p momma, its been 8 years and it seems like yesterday.  i am trying to hold on.  i love u
I LOVE AND MISS U FOREVER MOMMA!!!  I KNOW U ARE AT THE FOOT OF JESUS AND U ARE WITH DADDY, JOHNNY, MARTY,, NANNY AND HOLDING BRANDON TIL I GET THERE TOO
I will always love you and I miss you so much you will always be in my heart
Halaina, you are so missed but I know you are with us. I will always always love you!!! You will always be Grams  girl. Until weeet again sweet girl. All my love, Gram
Halaina everyone misses you  you are in everybody's heart and memories you are our little angel and I know you are with us checking the family that you left to soon. Love aunt Sue hugs to you baby girl....
Sweet , funny, beautiful, baby girl. Gone too soon but never forgotten. Hugs and kisses Angel....
Always still think about you, I hope you see how much you were so loved and still loved to this day. We miss you so much. Love always and forever until we meet again. Aunt Stacey.
He will always be with me in all the loving ways he touched my life each day. For every smile he brought to my face and every bit of happiness he gave my heart, there are sweet memories that ease my heartache.I miss my best friend very much.......
happy birthday i love u always
I miss u with all of my heart I know u r with me everyday I love and miss you so much until I see u again wait for me
ove you forever mawmaw belles
Missing you each and everyday that passes by, like it's just began to really like sink in that your truely gone and even know we all know that God needed you more , still wishing you a happy birthday and all the way to the heavenly gates and back , Love and miss you until we meet again.
Annie Mae was my friend and sis in law for many years, she was a fun caring no shit taking will tell you off kinda woman and that's why we were friends. Sleep on my friend get your rest! Your presence is missed but one day we shall meet again. Love ya
hbd sis luv u now and forever so r.I.h my luv
WORDS CAN NOT EXPRESS WHAT I AM FEELING RIGHT NOW BUT I KNOW THAT YOU ARE IN A BETTER PLACE AND YOU WILL FOREVER BE MISSED I LIVE YOU ALWAYS MOMMA
Happy Birthday mother i miss you so much but i know you up there watching over me and your grandkids love you my Angel
Can't stop thinking about you i miss you so much i love you your daughter pumpkin
Love and miss u Annie Mae
Light a candle
Rip Annie Mae,  Miss you.
I still think of you and can't believe you're not here, missing you so much.
I had no idea you were gone home to be with our Lord. You were a long time friend that kept in touch. You would call to ask if I knew so and so that lived in Hurtsboro because you saw their obituary in the newspaper. Well my mom died 19 Nov and I didn't hear from you. I have been calling to check on you because it's not like you not to keep in touch. I googled your name today only to find out you are no loner with us. My heart is sooooo heavy right now. You are truly missed. My Smitty for life. Phoebe sorry for your loss.
I still can't believe you are gone. I'm missing you more and more everyday.
ALREADY MISSING YOU MY DEAR COUSIN....RESTING IN THE PEACE THAT SURPASSES ALL UNDERSTANDING.......WE LOVE YOU.
I miss you so much , see you some day when we both get surprised . Oh by the way son , time does not help with the pain . AMH , Poppa .
Happy heavenly birthday son! Today you would have been 30 years old. Not a day goes by that we don't think of you. I still can't believe you are gone! We l miss you so very much! All my heart, love Momma.
Happy Birthday Brandon, my hero. I think of you all the time. You are not forgotten son. Thank you for being you. You were, and still are, a true blessing!! I love you, and miss you with all my heart!"
Hi little man just wntedvo sy love and miss from all of us r I p precious
merry Christmas little man may u rest in peace love ya always and forever frm all of us in the Shannon fam
Miss ya precious
Not a day goes by I don't miss u little Buddy we all luv and miss so much r I p little man
In lieu of flowers, the family has requested donations be made to  LoveJoy Hospice 939 SE 8th Street Grants Pass, OR 97526  The caring staff and volunteers of LoveJoy Hospice provided continued support and care to Bill and Katie Smith during his last weeks. Online donations can be made at <a href="http://www.lovejoyhospice.org/" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.lovejoyhospice.org/</a> Please note in the memo section of your check, “In memory of Bill Smith”
Love u always my darling gone but never forgotten always in my heart
Can't believe it's 2 yes today my darling I miss u so much need for you to put your arm around me today and send me some sign that you can hear me you were my world and feel so lost without u. Your loving wife RIP xxxx
This is for you my darling Les I'm sitting here watching tv and thinking of you i miss you so much I find it so hard sometimes love and miss you xx R I P
Hello my darling I have been to Italy for a few days and had a wonderful time and I took you down to the lake and let you go so now you have been to Italy with me gone but never forgotten RIP my love miss you so much
For u my darling just sitting here looking at photos and missing u so much life is just not the same anymore nothing has any meaning even booked myself a holiday but can't get excited about it  Oh how I wish u were still here loved you so much  Your wife Christie  God bless u and rest in peace
Happy valentines day darling wish u were here love and miss u so much  Your darling wife Chris xx
Just sat here thinking about you my darling life is so empty now without you I am trying so hard to move on but then I get days like this where I just feel so lost and nothing has any meaning anymore  Please send me some sort of sign to help me I love and miss u so much R I P my love xx
Thinking of you and sending a flower for your loved ones
To my darling Les I have been to the church Carol service today and put a prayer for you on the prayer tree was a beautiful service love and miss you terribly  RIP my darling forever yours Chris xx
Dearest Daddy,  Gone one year today, still so hard to believe. Wish I could just speak to you one more time..... I will never forget you, the best father I could ever have asked for ;(  I know you will always be looking over us.... luv and miss you more everyday. You have your angle wings now and will always be in our thoughts... luv you always ;(
Lovely darling can't believe it's 1 yr ago miss u so much xx
Happy birthday my darling Les oh how I miss u today is going to n very hard don't want to get IP or even open my eyes today finding it very hard going was at doc yesterday and she has recommended a councillor just don't see the point some days life is nothing without us  Love miss you so much u maybe gone but never ever forgotten RIP miss u xxx
My darling Les haven't been on for awhile got myself all mixed up in a scam with talk talk  Wish you were here so u could tell me off then give me a hug to say don't worry  Missing u so much right now xxx
Hello my darling  Well here we are into a new year lets hope it's a better than last year think of u all my waking hours and miss u terribly have some of u in a pendant round my neck and my locket so u are always with me and have made my on little shrine with u in living room RIP my love
Good morning my love well it's just u and me kid merry Christmas darling love and miss you so much .this is the first one without you and it's going to be hard xxxyour lovely wife Chris
Happy Anniversary my darling 36 yrs today and 6 weeks since your passing love u and miss you so much xx
You are always in my thoughts dad... love and miss you loads.
Love and miss u babe this is so hard please help me xx
Hello my darling well today I am feeling a little better thanks to the girls and a lovel welcoming message from shirts  Still missing u so much am trying to get on with my life but it is so hard  Love u babe your the best xx Your loving wife Chris xx
Gosh Les 4 weeks has gone past now and I'm missing u so much  I am sitting in no mans land still very much in a fog don't think I can do this without u it is so hard  Just canot be bothered with anything  Love miss u babe RIPx
Hello my lovely Les you will never know how much I am missing you life is so hard don't know what to do with myself now and finding it very hard to cope God how I wish I could be with you  Love and miss u soooo much xxRIP
Love and miss u darling xx
My darling les I know we always shared everything but you coul have kept the chest infection I realy wouldn't have minded have been really poorly since Saturday nobody to look after me now . Love and miss u so much xxforever in my heart xx
Well my lovely les your daughter has just flown home and now I really feel alone she came to see you now I'm going to feel really sad cause now I am really on my own  I love and miss u so much my darling   R I P xxx
Well my lovely les you now gone up to the angels who will take great care of you.At least you are now pain free and are at peace I am going to miss you so much life will be so lonely without you.Gone but never been forgotten RIP xx
Good night God bless love and miss u so much seems weird not getting ready to go see you just hasn't hit home yet RIP my lovexxxx
Still feels so unreal pops... miss u so much ... ; (
Goodnight god bless les. Gonna miss that sense of humour. Only man brave enough to tell me to shut up xx
Love and miss you my darling but still doesn't seem real God bless and good night  my love xxxx
To Mr Les a true gentleman and good friend  Going to miss you mate got no-one to blame now when I make a mess  Love you now an always
To the best father one could have ever asked for. .. ur place is empty. I will never forget u .... u are at peace now... luv u always
Gone but never. Forgotten  Love you darling
Happy Birthday my sweet loved an missed sister in Heaven. The emptiness never goes away nor the hurt of losing u. But I do no one day I will get to c ur beautiful bright smile again one day. Love ur sis
Happy Birthday Sweet Sister.. I mess you more an more as the days go by.
Happy Birthday my sweet beautiful baby sister. I no you're dancing w the Angels. Love an miss you more everyday.
Here's you a candle for your birthday.
Hello Dad . Happy birthday 95 today. Almost 4 years passed. Sadly missed by us all. Rest peacefully and watch over your family
3 years have flown by but you are missed by us all. Hope you and Mam are together xxxxx
Thinking of you today... 94  years ago you were born. Xxxxx
2nd aniversary today. Dad you are missed so much. Hopefully you are sleeping peacefully..
Happy Birthday Missing you Dad today
Thinking of you today Dad, you are a wonderful inspiration to me today, to soldier on, hope you are happy and in a much better place with Mam and everyone who went before... Love and miss you xxxxx
Dad you are one year gone, we miss you so much. Thinking of you today on Mammy's  birthday, hope you are together
Gone too soon little girl.  Rest in eternal peace.
Rest in peace Uncle Pat...
Little things are things I miss Little holes in my days Little holes in my ways A missing word A missing wave You are missed My memories saved. Rest in Paradise my friend Til journeys done and we meet again.
I don't think a day goes by when a memory of you brings a tear to my eye i miss your voice your laugh  just simply i miss you. your friend, Jenn
Happy Birthday in heaven. Miss you Theresa
I really miss you dearly. Relax in the arms of our most holy Lord. Watch over us and help us to hold on to your memory until we meet again my friend.
Miss you Theresa! Rest in Paradise.
I miss you so much.  I know someday we  will be together in his  holiness. I love you.
Happy Birthday in heaven  8/20/15
I will always love you .You are so very special to me. You will always be in my heart.Rip my mum mum :-)
I miss you and you will always be in my heart. Rest in Paradise.
TO MY DEAR BROTHER.I SURE DO MISS YOU. I WISH YOU WERE HERE TO COACH MY GRANDSONS IN BASEBALL..THE 3 OF THEM ARE REALLY IN TO PLAYING BASEBALL. LOVE U 4-EVER., CA-CA
Dear Tom, Many happy memories  think of you growing up In Syosset, That was a fun time to grow up..
Dear Uncle,Tom We miss u so much,not a day goes by  that we all don't think you,you were the coolest uncle  ever ,  love KIM
To whisper God's word, to feel God's love, to be one with God, Rest is peace with God's comfort...
With our deepest sympathy, Mr. Smith will be dearly missed, Moses Bonding Company, the Grimes Family, and Jordan Family!!!
Gone But Never forgotten Mam.xxx
Happy Birthday in Heaven Terry, I know your dancing with the angels!
Happy Birthday in Heaven Terry, I know your dancing with the angels!
Thinking of you Terry~~
TERRY WHEN I HAD NO HEAT,YOU CAME,WHEN MY CAR WAS BROKE DOWN YOU CAME,THIS IS WHAT YOU WHERE ALBOUT,YOU COULNT SAY NO.NOW GOD HAS TAKEN YOU TO GIE YOU YOUR REWARD,THANK YOU TERRY FOR ALL YOU DONE FOR ME AND MY FAMILY.GO NOW AND REST.
WE  LOVED  YOU  TERRY   YOU  WHERE  NO  ONE  TO  ASK  FOR  ANY  THING.  BUT  YOU  GAVE  ALL  TO  WHO  EVERY  ASK  NO  MATTER  WHAT HELP  THAY  NEED" YOU  WHERE  THERE NOW  GO WITH  GOD  AND  REST  ON  HIGH.
Terry was such a good kind hearted person.  I remember anytime I saw him he always had a smile. And no matter how bad you felt, he could always tell a joke and make you laugh. Always ready to help people in need, and never met a stranger. The day you were called home, Heaven gained a special Angel.
I will always cherish the great times we had❤️❤️❤️
May This Candle Burn Brite For You Always.Love Norma❤️❤️
Matt,  You are always in our thoughts as is your family  I know you are up there and listening to the  Hillbilly  cutting up  Wil you tell him “Hey” for me and I love him so :) Thanks  Gina lindsey  Mrs Hillbilly
missing you Matt, From Jim Lindsey
member all the times you asked you want some crakers and i miss that ill always love and miss you.
Happy birthday daddy. We miss u. RIP.
I miss all the times we would get in the floor at mom's and wrestle with each other. Rest in peace and happy birthday. Love and miss you.
Love and miss u dearly daddy..
Love Nd miss you everyday Mom
You are my best friend I miss playing Bingo when we sat in the lucky Sawyer section.... one of us always won.... I miss you so much .... and remember we named you Mayor of Mahnomen Road always I love you sis .......always Miskobenacikwe friends forever
Dad  I love nd miss you always. There's not a day I dont think about you. R.I.P Dad  love your babygirl~ Alicia Rae
Happy 88th Birthday Dad, we all miss you so so much...the pain is there always....so is our Love.....
3 yrs ago you left us...miss you so much Love you more....
Happy 86th Birthday Dad... Miss you more than ever.....Love you
After 2 yrs Istill miss you so much......Love you Dad...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD.....I LOVE YOU MISS YOU SO MUCH....
Happy birthday pappy tom.. I love and miss you very much..
LOVE AND MISS YOU SO MUCH......
Pappy Tom I love you and miss you more everyday. .
Happy belated Birthday  pops. Still wish u was still here to enjoy &amp; spend time with ur grandkids &amp; myself. Just know that I love ❤ &amp; miss u dearly. Say hi to Grandma &amp; pops for me.  Your son Alexis ❤
Our Buddy, Al May the winds of Heaven blow softly and whisper in your ear.  How much we love and miss you and wish that you were here to celebrate your 63rd birthday. Happy Birthday, our Buddy! Love, Tony and Nora
Our Buddy, Al Happy 4th Anniversary, up in Heaven You may be gone from our sight.  But, you are never gone from out hearts. RIP, Buddy
To Our Buddy, Al Happy Birthday!!! Our Hearts still ache in sadness, and secret tears still flow, what it meant to lose you no one will ever know. Rest Easy, our Buddy! Love, Tony and Nora
Honoring the Anniversary of your birth of 62 years. We love ❤️❤️❤️ you.  Always a part of us.   Love Debbie, Wynton and James
Happy Birthday pop. Hope you're  parting &amp; celebrating where u at. Still missing u man. Tough not  having u around, would be nice to talk to you once again. Hey pops I know ur a Giants fan but you know that me &amp; pops were Eagles fans, they finally won the Super Bowl. Anyways I love you and miss you pops, till we meet again.  #FlyEaglesFly #HopeUrFlyinHighAswell Your son Alexis
Our Buddy, Al 3 years today, you have been taken from us! We can wipe the tears from our eyes, But, we can’t wipe the pain from our hearts. May the winds of Heaven blow softly and whisper In your ear, how much we love and miss you and wish  That you were here. You may be gone from our sight But you are never gone from our hearts. We can no longer see you with our eyes Touch you with our hands. But we will feel you in our hearts forever. Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, Love leaves a memory no one can steal. Love you,  Tony and Nora R.I.P., Our Buddy!!!
Our Buddy, Al On this birthday of yours, may all of the Angels in heaven gather together to sing you a very Happy Birthday. Always remember that we love and miss you so, much and think about you each and every day. Happy Birthday, Buddy! Love, Tony and Nora
Missing You Uncle Al on your 61st Birthday. Love Debbie, James and Wynton
I truly miss you and wish you were here.  You always had a easy way about yourself, you got along with most people.  Theses days that is a rare quality.  We loved and always will love you,   Alexis feel free to contact me at debjamesbaxter@yahoo.com. Debbie, Wynton and James
Dear Dad  I wish could hear your deep voice, wish I could  hug you one more time, wish you could've seen your all your grandkids at least once. Most of all I wish I could've been there when you needed me most.  Love &amp; miss you pop. Thx 4 all those that were their for him when he needed it &amp; for making this Memorial page for him. 4ever appreciated.  Your son Alexis
Our Buddy, Al Today, is 2 years since you have been gone. Those we love don't go away, they walk beside us every day. Unseen, unheard, but always near. Still loved, still missed and very dear. RIP, Our Buddy We Love You! Tony and Nora
Words can't express the pain &amp; sorrow I feel, bcuz of my selfish &amp; ignorant feelings I wasn't there for you when you needed me most.  Im sorry for not spending more time with you, sorry u couldn't see &amp; interact with the rest of ur grandkids. I should've tried harder to reconnect with you &amp; now I'll never get the chance. But if ur reading this just know that I 4 give you &amp; hope u can 4 give me. Also that I miss you &amp; love you very much. I know life goes on &amp; things happen for a reason but we had so much unfinished business. I have many regrets but one is that I can't tell you all this personally.   Love you dad wish you were here with me.  Gone but never 4 gotten.  Rest in Paradise  Al Smith  Love your son Alexis
Our Buddy, Al Happy 60th Birthday. We miss you deeply. Love you, Tony and Nora
Missing you on your 60th birthday. Love You!
Our Buddy, Al It has been a year since you were taken from us. In our heart your memory lingers, always tender, fond and true There is not a day dear Al, that we don't think of you. R.I.P., Buddy Love you, Tony and Nora
My Dearest Uncle on this eve of Memorial Day 2015 you are on my mind and heart.  I miss you very much and still believe that there isn't any sorrows on this earth that God can't heal.  Rest In Peace my love. Love Debbie
Beloved Uncle I miss you very much you are forever in my heart!    Love Debbie
To Our Buddy, Al Today is your Birthday, in the Heaven above. Just know we are thinking about you, loving you and missing you. Happy Birthday, Buddy Love you, Tony and Nora
Al you were the best friend that we ever had and miss you more than you'll ever know. love dave and april losasso.
YOU'LL BE MISSED MY FRIEND. WAS A GREAT PLEASURE KNOWING YOU...R.I.P...
Al, I will always remember you, as a friend to me and all my children the good times we shared with willy and louie you coming over and hanging out always telling stories those was the days.  Time distanced us but memories are forever you will be missed big al.  Rest easy my friend forever until we meet again
To The Smith Family, We are deeply sorry for your loss. Our Buddy, Al, Heaven has earned another Angel to watch over us. You truly will be missed. We love you, Buddy, RIP Tony and Nora
Al, You will be so missed! You always had a way to make me laugh and you always were looking out for me when ever we saw each other!! Miss you!!
As my mom's baby brother you were always special to the family.  Now I believe that you are with her, your mom and dad.  I thank the Lord that you are no longer in that terrible pain.  Just being a couple of months older than you I think we grew up more like brother and sister.  I will miss you, and cherish the good memories and I do sincerely believe that as the bible says that "to be absent in the body is to be present with the Lord" so with that I know you are Alright! I know you loved the Lord from a child and revered Him.  I Love You Al.  Rest In Peace, Your niece Debbie.........
I LOVE YOU MICHELLE WITH ALL MY HEART EVERY DAY
LOVING YOU ALWAYS ,  MOM
My best memories from childhood are going to Uncle Les and Aunt Debbie's farm and the West Point County Fair every summer - milking the cows, feeding the calves, changing out the hay, and just having the best time of my life.  I am forever grateful to Les for providing that to me.  With love and gratitude, Rebecca Juhl Northern California - August 4, 2014
My Best Friend, My Heart and My Soul. I miss you so much. Until we are together again for eternity....I Love You
Joyce you have been gone 2 years today, and I miss you sooo much! Its still not real to me, I think of you everyday. I love you sissy!
Joyce, you have been a special part of my life, all of my life and I want you to know how much I love and miss you. And you'll never get over being 13 days older than me! Love you to pieces lady!
oday you would have been 73 years young, and I miss you so very much my sister.
Today you have been gone one year and I miss you more and more! I love you my precious sister RIP Joycie...
This is the first Christmas without you sissy, I'm having a very hard time of it. Can't get into the spirit without you here. I love you and miss you my dear sister. Celebrate with the Angels, Merry Christmas Joycie!    Dec.24, 2014.
This is the first Christmas without you sissy, I'm having a very hard time of it. Can't get into the spirit without you here. I love you and miss you my dear sister. Celebrate with the Angels, Merry Christmas Joycie!    Dec.24, 2014.
You might be gone but never forgotton ,We all miss you and you will always be missed and loved ...you were one special lady right when I first met you ..R.i.p. Joyce ...
you were my sister, my best friend, and confidant, and I miss you sooo much. I love you sissy!
It seems like we lost him yesterday. I think of him a lot. I remember when him and Barbara were at our house in Colorado. Kenny and I were making dinner. Of course we were remembering the recipe together and telling each other how to make it. Barbara said she was watching her life with Stan. We had similar relationships with our spouses. It was quite funny. Miss them both very much.. Bless him..
Last Friday, i was leaving the viewing of a dear friend, bemoaning the losses in my lifetime, including you, Stan, and I was feeling down.  As in almost every other time I needed to talk to you, I started the car and, eerily, like every time I hear it, "Old Black Waters" by the Doobie Bros, came on FROM THE VERY FIRST NOTE BEGINNING! This is kind of our song, as it was one of your favorites.  One night, heading back to Newport from dinner in Tustin, heading for the "Boat" (Reuben E Lee) to listen to the band, you couldn't think of the name of the song you wanted to request they play. It drove you nuts! Sitting at the bar, and at the end of one of the band's songs, before applause, in the momentary silence, you remembered and YELLED out "OLD BLACK WATERS!  IT WAS CLASSIC.  And the band played it.  It always plays when I want/need to talk to you.  I love it...keep it up! " Just keep on shining your light, gonna make everything, gonna make everything all right."
Missing you but feeling hugged by wonderful memories ❤️
Happy birthday to a wonderful Uncle! Your smile is contagious and I cherish all my fun childhood memories with you. I hope you're hanging with Uncle Kenny and Grandma and Grandpa celebrating big in Heaven. Love you!
Dear Daddy, It's a good thing you are in a better place because the world is falling apart!  Perhaps you and your pals up there can get together and save us:)  Just thinking of you watching the boob tube and yelling at the TV like Jim:)  Missing seeing you in your recliner.  Also, thank you for picking the best wife ever! Luv u:) XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXO
Oh Daddy, we sure miss you but you would be very disappointed in the country today,especially with Bill O’Reilly!!!
I think of him daily and miss him so....on the anniversary of his celebration, i shed a few tears and lingered on the memories.   I am so sorry Stan's soulmate and his Angels have to live the missing link in their lives.  Stay close to them Sowtzlebot!
Softly the leaves of memory fall. Gently I gather and treasure them all. Unseen, unheard, you are always near... SO MISSED, SO LOVED, SO VERY DEAR. No longer in our lives to share.  But in our hearts you're always there. This is to honor you, Stan, on the 3rd anniversary of your "Aloha Celebration of Life".  I couldn't leave a tribute to you on the 3rd anniversary of your passing on May 15th this year.  Just couldn't find the words....could only find the tears.   Always know....I loved you yesterday, I love you still I always HAVE....I always WILL.   We all miss you SOOOOOO VERY much!  Sending you all my love!  XO!!
It's so strange how life goes on but the hole in your heart remains. Still missing you Daddy
Love you, Grampy!
I loved you yesterday I love you still I always have.... I ALWAYS WILL!!!!   Miss you with all my heart &amp; soul, Stan!   HAPPY BIRTHDAY!  (3rd one in heaven)  Wish you were here!   All my love to you!  XO!!
miss your big bear hugs! xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Gosh, I miss you, Stan! When I was a little girl, I gave you a birthday card, and on the envelope, I misspelled your name, and wrote "Stanely"...always a running joke between us, to the point where I often wrote that on your envelopes.  Hear Blood, Sweat and Tears or Poco or Buffalo Springfield...and so many others and I know you are sending those songs to me.  You are a wonderful presence in my life daily, and I am grateful to have you there, since I can have your physical, earthly self here.  "Tell em where you got it" and "don't let your meat loaf!"  Love you, Aloha, my angel brother!
ok...how I met Stan's wife Barb...(before she was his wife).  I was dining room manager at Balboa Yacht Club in Corona del Mar, and we had a ladies luncheon that none of us knew about! The Chef called me and I had to act fast to staff it! No employee was available (no cel phones in the 70s) soooo...I went to Stan's house to ask if he knew anyone to help me work it.  He nodded across the room and said "How about her?" I look over, and sitting there, very stoic, was Barb! (She later said she tried to be a piece of furniture so as to not be noticed!) Well, she did it! She came to the Yacht Club and together, we pulled off a successful booked event! We went on to be great friends, roommates, and later and happily, sisters-in-law! She and Stan were soulmates of the highest degree.....so much so, that I took a back seat.  That was all good, because Barb made Stan HAPPY, at peace, in love, and whole! I know he did the same for her.... he made us all happy, so full of love and life.....
Love you dad, miss your jokes and all your laughter. You are the best :) Love and aloha "cough cough cough"
Happy 2nd anniversary in heaven, Stan.   Your life was a blessing, your memory a treasure. You are loved beyond words, and missed beyond measure. Love you FOREVER.... Miss you for ALWAYS!  XO!!
Missing you.  Gonna make a blue cheese salad today in your honor.  Love ya!
Miss you so much
Happy birthday Daddy❤️ Miss your smiling face!❌⭕️
Happy 74th Birthday....and your 2nd birthday in Heaven, Stan.  Wish I could hold you in my arms &amp; give you a birthday kiss today.  Miss you madly &amp; LOVE you dearly!  Sending you ALL MY LOVE....XO!!
Happy birthday Stan the Man, Mayor,Swotzlebot. ...love and miss you every day...Remembering when we were driving a long drive and you tested me by asking what was the #1 song...this time it was "close  to you " ...song rings true now " "just like me, they want to be...close to you"
One year ago today you and Kenny flew together to heaven, leaving us on this earth to miss and love you.  I know you are an angel and have lots of people to be an angel to, including Barb, Naya, Cherine and Rebecca, Tess and Emma, Larry and myself.  I will always treasure the brother you were (are) to me...the best! I miss your goofiness and the way you could always read a situation and react accordingly...remember it was you who taught me "when you assume you make an ASS out of U and ME! I look up to my heavenly stars and talk to you each night.  I listen to my wind chimes and hear you.  I hear your songs and my heart glows.  Love you, your baby sis...(you always said I was your favorite sister... always funny, because I was your only sister) Aloha Bruddah!
One year ago today you and Kenny flew together to heaven, leaving us on this earth to miss and love you.  I know you are an angel and have lots of people to be an angel to, including Barb, Naya, Cherine and Rebecca, Tess and Emma, Larry and myself.  I will always treasure the brother you were (are) to me...the best! I miss your goofiness and the way you could always read a situation and react accordingly...remember it was you who taught me "when you assume you make an ASS out of U and ME! I look up to my heavenly stars and talk to you each night.  I listen to my wind chimes and hear you.  I hear your songs and my heart glows.  Love you, your baby sis...(you always said I was your favorite sister... always funny, because I was your only sister) Aloha Bruddah!
Thank God my kids got me on facebook, I for some reason was not aware of this web site, I think I had brain fade,  until I read DeNaya's post on face book today. Thanks DeNaya, it got my attention and had post a few messages before I found this one. As a tribute to my little brother Stanley all I can say is we spent a lifetime together and a loving one at that, Through times of trouble and times of joy. always with a positive attitude.  After I was married and had started a family, Stan was always there to help out in so many ways. As he grew older and started to have a life of his own we remained not only brothers but good friends.  Later on in the Newport days sometimes we had to watchout so we did not get into to much trouble but we maintained. I think of Stan often and somehow wish we had spent more time togther in our later years.  But the love remained, I miss him very much as we all do. Thinking of him and Kenny this day they both passed on to heaven, Again ALOHA BROTHERS!!!
Missing you so.....on this special "love" day, Stan.  Always know that you HAVE my heart....you're IN my heart.....you ARE my heart!  I love you so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!  XO!!
Dear Daddy, We are missing you so much. Thinking of you and your crew partying in heaven on this special day.  Love and hugs and kisses, Naya and Jimbo XOXOXOX
Happy Birthday in Heaven...I love you my brother and miss and speak to you every day...Please look down on Barbara, your beautiful daughters, Larry and me.....you are the best angel...because you were the best man...I see how wonderful you were in all aspects of your life in my memories....Aloha
Happy Bday, Grampy!  Miss you &lt;3
Happy Birthday in HEAVEN, Stan!  Missing you today....but I know that celebrating with God &amp; the other angels, must be so much better than anything here on earth.  Knowing that you're pain free.....and "forever young" warms that empty place in my heart that you left behind, and makes me smile.  Selfishly tho, I still wish you were here!  Love you more than words can say.....FOREVER &amp; FOR ALWAYS!  XO!!
We love you Dad... And are  imagining the John Wayne quotes you must be sharing...." Get off your horse and drink your milk!"  Love and  Aloha, Nate and Becca xxxxx
Still miss you every minute of everyday, Stan! You have a new great nephew....Jace Michael Kenneth Little....wish you were here to teach him to "not pick his nose" (consequences you showing him what happens to your little finger).  I remember you tackling everything you did in life with pure determination and gusto.  The best thing you ever did was to marry Barbara....what a love life you two lived...should have taught it....I will always love Newport and Balboa because of you...because of the memories of our times there....brother and sister...there will never be anyone like you..I love you...
So many attributes when describing Stan - loyal, funny, compassionate, and with a joy for life that few realize.  Even though I had not had contact with Stan for many years, I always remembered this good man with a smile on my face.  Sleep well with the angels, dear Stan.  "Lemonhead" will always miss you!
Im so sad that i will miss the memorial for my Uncle Stan tomorrow but I will be there in spirit!  I have so many wonderful childhood memories with Uncle Stan and Aunt Barb! He will always be in my heart and ill never forget his amazing smile! He could light up a room! Love you so much! Xoxo
He will be missed sooooo. much. We know him and his brother Kenny are together. They both had such a great sense of humor. I am sure they are visiting and laughing together. Will always be missed. Love them both so much and forever.
It makes me "nermous" when I don't know how to pour out my heart! The memories flood into my heart and head every day...not enough time and pace...but I will say...You were an awesome brother...funny, tough, loving, accommodating, caring and always there when I needed you...your life is an example to everyone...Bless Barb from above...you were another of the Smith Golden Couples, and I love you!
I love you Daddy!
Happy 93rd. Birthday Daddy I miss you so much. Sometimes it seems like you have been gone forever and sometimes like yesterday. Although I miss Mama so much it hurts I'm glad y'all are together again. I hope to get to see you both soon. I love you Daddy. Jan
Happy 92nd Birthday Daddy. I miss you so much and I wish I could just talk to you again. I realize that you're so much smarter than I ever gave you credit for . Things that you told me would come to pass have come to pass, I miss you. I'm so glad that you and Mama are together again, never to be parted again Daddy. I love you, Happy Birthday, Jan
Rexy, we will always miss you.  Connie, Rex, Jamie and Kellie, our sincere condolences. We will never forget his smile, kindness and music. Love, The Driscolls
Happy Birthday my First Love.   Mommy miss you
Thinking of you❤. Just going over things. Y'all both deserve justice
No matter the amount of time that passes, it never gets easy... I just try to make everyday better than the last. So often I replay the last month your life...  asking myself if I could have prevented the tragedy... But GOD needed you for a bigger cause. Today, I love you just as much as I did they day your life was taken. Enjoy paradise baby. XOXO

Hello My Love, I kiss your picture daily and blow you one when I ride pass you. You would of been so proud of your baby sister, she looked beautiful. I miss you and love all the way to the heavens.
I miss u Stinky butt!! Really need one of our talks
Happy Birthday my first Love
Hey Lover I miss you and love you .
I Love you .
They taking your page away from us Son.  I will miss being able to come on here and feell like I'm talking to .   I Love you and I'll never let you be forgotten .
I keep reliving that day. Im so sorry I wasn't there nephew. We all are
I miss you soooo much so much SON .
I don't know if your Uncle has joined you yet, but the higher power had plans for yall to be together again. Touch your Smith family. Keep them yogether. Tragedy can divide people. I love you Nephew
Hello my love. We need you. Touch mommy and your sisters. Let them know you are o.k so they can continue to heal. All of us. I love you nephew
Good morning my son .   you have been on my mind I miss you
A new year coming in baby I pray things change and we get answers .
Good morning baby mommy Love you and miss you to pieces .   I heard you yesterday calling for mom .    Praying for justise and to hopefully finally get me and your sister's where we belong in Life .   you can come to me anytime you want baby .
, Dear Boodah not a day go by where as though I don't find myself thinking about you... If only I could cherish the moments we had and make the best out of it. I truly love and miss you troy from your baby sister .... #TKSFOREVER.
Missing you son every day is hard living without you .
Hi  baby I got a email about another person page . And decided to pull up your name to see if yours would pop up. And look at here here you are. I miss you I do I wanna hug you I wanna see your face again. I call the detective every chance I can .  I'm never giving up on justice your deserves that much . I'm in tears right now son because I believe you bought me back to this page . So I don't have to tell you what your sisters doing to me because you see . I know I saw you appear the other day .  It was you because a person with a white T_shirt was there then gone in a blink of an eye.  Oh I have so much to tell you I'll be over to talk with you soon at your resting place baby.  I Love Troy I miss you . Keep sending me signs that you haven't left me.  Will talk soon
As I'm looking at my screen saver with tears rolling down my face, I had to remember, go write, don't give yourself a migraine crying. I miss you nephew. Life has been forever changed for everyone. Little Raymond came across a tool you bought him for Christmas, and all me and Uncle Frankie could do was smile and go dead silent. Smh. We don't know what else to do. Your Mom gives me hope because I know she will never give up!!!!! I know that one day we will get justice for you. I'm just so sad that I won't get to be around you, on this earth ever again
Good Morning Nephew. Aunty is losing faith again but I prayed this morning. Sometimes it's hard to see life moving on without you, and sometimes I lose hope of finding your murderer but then I came to your page. I cant lose hope. Hope and faith is all I have left. I need your strength. Aunty is tired and lately I have been feeling like I'm ready to meet up with you. Sometimes I feel like life is getting no better down here no matter how hard I try. So much stress. So much sadness. Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one fighting to end this cycle of stress on our family. Idk. I know when it's my time, I will see you, so I'm not worried. Look after your mommy and sisters. I love you and am always thinking of you. Rest my love. Anyone that is not FOR your justice, is definitely AGAINST it, and GOD will take care of it all
13 month today my First child .  I miss you so much trying to continue to deal with this everyday . That's it's messing with my health son . I don't wanna leave your sisters and niece and nephews . But I really miss you .
Today was another hard day for me baby I had to let you go so you could completely be with God .  It hurted me so bad to see you laying there son I miss you so much so much.
Good morning mommy Big Boy auntie always reminds me of your page . You know I Love you and miss you something terrible.
I'm still waiting for justice. Still looking at your pics and missing your presence. Me and Mommy were talking today trying to figure out what the next steps to justice are. Smh. I'm kind of stuck but I promise I pray for someone who knows something to help us. I'm ready to see him. I'm ready to look evil in the eyes. I honestly could care less about forgiveness, because after a year of running, I know he doesn't care to have it. So every drop of my energy around this situation will be put into praying for your justice and remembering you in a positive way. I love you. Continue to rest
Another young man was killed yesterday. Of course it took me back to June 7th. I she'd a lot of tears yesterday because I know what another family is feeling. When I woke up this morning, I heard they had a suspect in that case. It gave me hope again. Hope that we will have our turn. So today, I didn't cry. I said a prayer. I love you. I miss you. #justicefortroy
Yesterday was a bitter sweet day , but also beautiful day.     Mommy had her moment and I'm sure there will be more to come . Just want you to know Happy Birthday to you My son .  I love you.
You should be here to celebrate your day, but we got you!
Good morning baby your birthday is approaching real soon . And I want you to know how much I miss you.
Good morning son
Shine bright like a diamond
Been a while baby .  it's mommy come to me I'll be waiting.
Always missed...
I miss your bright eyes and beautiful smile! Life is not the same without you... I don't think I'll be able to live with the heartache... This empty feeling along with my thoughts and emotions are beginning to take over. I love you baby! I'm looking to you and GOD for strength.
Good morning baby come to mommy give me a sign.  Tomorrow will make five months sense you left us.  I Love you
Im here baby Morning my Love.
Good Morning Son.
Watch over Mommy. Good night nephew
Good Morning Son .
Good morning son, Me and your sister katroya came pass and saw you yesterday . Just wanted to do a pop up on you we miss you bugging us. I know you was in my bed room yesterday i saw the signs you gave me to let me know you was there.                                                                      Mommy Love her Boy . Come again ill be waiting on you.
It's four months later baby today.  and the pain still feels like yesterday nothing change the fact that your gone from me, but I will believe justice is on it's way Baby mommy Love you Forever but you already know that .                           " Our song came on the radio yesterday I knew then you was right here with me"                                                                          Love you Boodah BANG
I want you back Troy. This pain can't be described. Something will always be missing from my life. We had a special bond. My kids miss you so much!!! Jayda wants to get so close to God because she knows he is taking care of you. I can not wait to see you again. Your death has taught me so much and I have this inner peace knowing that when it is all over, I will see you again. Mommy misses you and I wish you didn't have to leave her. This whole family misses you. I have been crying a lot lately but I promise to get back in my positive place. Rest well my love
Can you ask God to help us with justice baby.
Tired today Baby boy just Tired..............................
Good morning son, I was all up in that neighborhood this weekend by myself.  I don't care anymore people think this is getting easier for me it's not . it has became rage now .  I FELT YOU Yesterday rubbing on the back of my chair in the car. but I need for you to give me more signs what that be all about.  I LOVE YOU REMEMBER THAT.
You have been on my mind all day. I miss you so much. I would really love to talk to you. I do but it's not the same. Justice is needed.
Good morning baby boy mommy missing you like crazy.
So sad i never lost a close friend i miss you dearly cousin and wish you was still here your last months we spent together me you and darnell and had plans on moving out of philly together for a fresh start. you told me you was coming with us. p.i.p baby boy you truly missed and will never be forgotten. my day one nigga  love you cousin
Hello baby I'm not sure if that was you who came to me last night. But I need for you to let me know if your ok.
I would love to have a chat with you nan the love that could be seen in your eyes and felt through that gentle tap on the back made everything feel okay I love you x
I would love to have a chat with you nan the love that could be seen in your eyes and felt through that gentle tap on the back made everything feel okay I love you x
Always in our thoughts &amp; forever in our hearts x
From :Shawn and Dre and the kids We Love You!!!!
You lived a good life Daddy.
George, today has been a day of reflection for me.  I go back to what happened five years ago today and it breaks my heart.  It was your last full day of living on this Earth and it was the last day of my life with you.  I hope you know how very much I loved you, and I still do with all of my heart and soul.  Tomorrow morning we will light your candle and release balloons in your memory.  And then I just might have a drink or more to try to drown my sorrows.  I shouldn't, but I probably will.  My life hasn't been the same without you.  I am on cruise control.  Just waiting until we are together again.  I try to take care of things, but my heart just isn't in it.  Please wait for me, no matter how long it takes.  Tell everyone up there in heaven hi for me and that I send my love to them as well.  I love you forever, from your wife.
George  there are so many times I needed to talk to you.  I know you and Don are doing well and are watching over Kimber.  I have been so tempted  to join you guys.  you are loved and missed. All of you so much. see you soon Sis
In 2 days it's going to be 5 years since you left us and it still has not gotten any easier I've just learned to live with the pain and it's not easy to do. I still cry everyday and i keep my feelings buried and to myself so that I don't lose it in front of anyone. I still have to keep myself busy for 95% of my day so my mind don't wander off and take me to my dark place... I just wish I could see you , hug you and talk to you again I need to know that everything is going to be ok. I miss you &amp; I love you so much dad. tell uncle Don &amp; Kimber I love them &amp; miss them too .. I wish all of you were still here I would give anything to have you , uncle Don &amp; Kimber back . I LOVE YOU &amp; MISS YOU.
Next month it will be 5 yrs since you have been gone. Dad I miss you so much.. I miss uncle Don and Kimber too. Things haven't been the same and I know they never will be. On the surface everything seems ok but they are not. I just feel so lost anymore that I can't even tell someone how I feel other than my therapist maybe it's because I'm afraid of getting hurt I don't know. I do know that I hate feeling this way because you and I know that the way I'm feeling just isn't who I am and I don't want to be this way so I keep my self busy all of the time so I don't think about the way things are and I know it's my own fault but what can I say it is what it is and I don't know how to make it go away. I know that you are with me everyday watching over me keeping me from going into a dark place. I love you dad and I miss you. tell uncle Don and Kimber that I love them and miss them too.. bye for now Love you
Hi big brother.  I am happy Kimber is with you and Don.  But you all should be here with us.  Bad day.  Love you all Love Sis
Also December 4th going to see Thomas John hope to hear from you guys then.  Please let us know you are watching over us. love sis me, stacy and brian will be there
Happy Birthday George.  I miss you so much.  you, Don, Kimber, Mom and Dad.  Things have really been tough lately.  Please tell them I love them.  I love you so much.  Life really sucks lately.  Some things I just can't shake.  I have really thought of joining you guys.  Life is so short and things have changed so much.  Donnie hates me and I don't know why.  But our half sister did get a  hold of me and she lives in El Dorado Springs, Mo.  was surprised to get her letter.  I hope to meet her before something happens to one of us.  She wants me to come visit and I am planning to.  Who knows I may stay there not happy here.  I hate this place anymore I associate it with death.    Anyway wanted you to know you were not forgotten and I miss going to get your 12 pack of bottle coors.  Love you so much  Love Sis
Happy Birthday Dad... It's still so hard not having you here. Sometimes when I wake up and go outside I look across the street hoping to see you on your front porch and all I see is an empty bench where you used to sit. I miss you so much I would trade places with you if I could. I love you dad..
Happy birthday George!  We lit your candle in your memory this morning, and I hope you saw it.  I still love and miss you so much.  It is the happy memories of you that keeps me going on.   I talk to you all of the time and hope you hear me.  I see signs occasionally and hope it is you.  Keep me strong and motivated.  I need your strength!  I love you always.  Wait for me.
Dad,  I miss you so much I know that Kimber is there with you give her a big hug for me and tell her that I love her and that I miss her we all do more than she can imagine. And tell her i want to know what did we do that was so bad that made her want to leave us this way tell her I'm sorry if I would have known something was wrong I would have helped her we all would have done our best to help her  because we love her did you also give her a talking to and me and Aunt Mary and Brian are going to see  Thomas John the seatbelt psychic on December 4th  so she needs to be there and so do you and Uncle Don  because we what do you  to come through and give us the message all three of you  I love you Dad  I miss you  tell Uncle Don I love him and miss him too  and tell Kimber I miss her too I love her love you guys all very much
George I am sure you and Don have found Kimber by now.  Please look after her and make sure she knows we love and miss her and I want to smack her.  She could have come to any of us for help nothing she had done would not have made me love her any less.   Brian is having a hard time as Robin also.  Believe me so am I.  We love and miss you all.  Our half sister Judy contacted me, wow alot I didn't know about Dad. love you help her and help me.  love sis
Ok George I really need you now.  I need you to help me get thru this, it is so hard to even explain how I feel.  I am no good to anybody not even myself. I miss you so much, you changed my life for the better when you were here and now you and Don and now Kimber all left me.  I feel like you guys would rather die than be around me. I love you and miss you and really need you. Love Sis
Today you've been gone for 4 years.  Mary and Brandon spent the night with Stacy and I.  I hope you saw the candle we lit for you and the balloons  released for you.  I love you and miss you with all of my being.  I hope you hear me when I talk to you.  I do believe and feel that you are with me.  As I have said for the last. 4 years, you are gone, you are not forgotten, and you will not be replaced.  You were and still are my husband.  Wait for me and keep me  strong.
I have been working on a memory quilt for Michelle.  Will you cut me a break .   It is going to have pictures not just your t shirts she is not expecting that.  In my dream you kept doing things to make me do it over and I keep telling you to stop.  I was having a problem and you told me to suck it up buttercup and figure it out.  You are so funny.  anyway I know how much you love that woman so trying to get it done.  I was happy with it but not at the moment.  Anyway you and Don are always on my mind and I miss you terribly.  I texted Stacy and told her you were giving me fits over the quilt.  Told me not to mickey mouse it because it was for Michelle.  I said fine now hang up.  LOL   love you
Dad, It's been 3 years since you left us... I think about you everyday.. There are times when I just start crying from words I heard in a song that was playing or something in a t.v. show or movie that reminded me of you.. After crying a few minutes I'd hear your voice telling me " QUIT CRYING CRY BABY " and I stop and just smile... Some days are better than others.. I just wish you &amp; uncle Don were still here.. I'm starting to be a CRY BABY again.. I LOVE YOU DAD &amp; I MISS YOU SO MUCH...
Happy Birthday my dear brother.  I feel like drinking the whole case of coors I would have gotten you.  Love you and miss you very much. Tell Dad, Mom, and Don I said Hi. Love you all and miss you all.  I don't like being the only one left not cool. Love Sis
Love, love love you and miss, miss miss you.
Well it has been two long lonely years without you and Don.   Still upset that you guys left me alone.  Everyday when Gary calls me at lunch because you are not here for him to call I go damn you George.  LOL  I have two new guns since you left, and you know that is all Gary lives for.  Wish you two could have started the business we talked about.  Just want to enforce that you know you are loved and missed.  I am trying to keep an eye on the love of your life, that you were mad at me for saying something when I was a teenager that didn't get my way, you know I never meant it.  So you would definitely be mad at your daughter for putting her in harms way.  Tell Mom and Dad and Don I love and miss them. Love Sis
I still miss you .I wish you were here wish I could had one more beer with you but I'll save that for another day, love you
I miss you still
DAD,                                                                                                            I LOVE YOU &amp; MISS YOU SO MUCH !!
I love you and you are so missed.
ove and miss you uncle George you were the best   love ya
R.I.P big brother. happy birthday! I love you and I miss you. i will see you really soon.  you will always be in my heart no matter where i go. im not going to say goodbye. im say  see you later
Damn bro it feel like yesterday it was me , u , will and deshaun coolin in the attic of my momm crib sayin our squad name was tree religion  , now its been a year since we lost you broskinoo now when i play varsity football its for you rs fly high bruh bruh love you boy down here in lanc we still reppin for you rs.
Best brother ever
I love you big bro!!! you will never be forgotten. R.I.P
Happy 21st Birthday cuz, I am sure that today in Heaven is another celebration of your life. You are missed and loved. Peace
A Candle for you on this special Day. Happy B-day. R.I.P
Love you lil cuz. You will always be missed never forgotten.  Sleep with Angels. Love always SIESHA
R.I.P nephew ,we the family will keep you always in our hearts, and the love will last forever.
In a better Place. Fly with the Angels sweety. Now you are in Gods Army. love you Aunt Joyce
Rest easy now Angel you and your mom are together now tell her hello for me and I love you both .now we have another Angel watching over our family.
RIP Meatwad ! You'll be missed ... Just know we love you fr .
RIP cuz, love you and now you are with your mom. Give her a big hug and kiss..love u both always.
Love you cuz always r.I.p
Happy birthday Don!  I miss you but know that you are in a better place up in heaven!  Love you!
Well this has been the fastest five years ever, and alot has happened. miss you and George so much.  Please give Kimber a hug tell mom and dad I love them and see them soon.  Also Avis we miss her so much. love sis
Don, I can't believe it's been 5 years since you've been gone.  I know you're in a better place and have no more pain.  I miss you and love you.  I still light a candle for you each month on the 6th of the month.  I hope you can see it.  Keep a watchful eye out for Ursula and Mary.  I believe that you and George are our guardian angels.  Love you all.
Well  5 years is coming up and things have really changed.  I am so glad Kimber is with you and George but she should be here.  I don't know if I will ever heal.  You are so missed and loved.  Watch over her and George and everyone. See you soon Sis
I am glad that Kimber is with you and George and Remmie.  Going to see our sister hopefully early next year. Please watch after her.  I love and miss you and George and Remmie so much. Love Sis
Well big brother tell George Happy Birthday and you take care of him and Kimber.  I love and miss you guys so much.  Kimber broke me and I am having a real hard time with it. Hope to hear from you, George and Kimber Dec. 4th.  Going to see Thomas John so be there. Love you  and if you guys can help me thru this I would appreciate it. Love Sis Oh yeah Judy got ahold of me.  Sent me a letter lives in Missouri and wants me to visit and I am going to try to. Love and miss you guys so much
I am sure you and George have found Kimber by now if not look for her.  Help her and tell her to help us get through this horrible ordeal.  Nothing she did made me love her any less other than leaving us.  Not much more i can take.  Judy got a hold of  me and wow there is a lot we didn't know about dad.  He had a real bad childhood.   Miss you terribly and thanks for being here when I need you. Love sis
Don I really need to talk to you and George.  Maybe you can help me get thru this because it is pure hell.  I really can't function anymore.  I put on a good front for Brian and a few others because I don't want them to see me this way.  Will you and God please please help me, help all of us.   love sis
Happy Birthday dear brother.  You are so missed. Tell George I miss and love him too and mom and dad.  Love you Sis
Happy birthday  Don up in heaven!  We all miss you and love you still.  Your new grandson is adorable.  Give George a hug for me.  I love you!
It's hard to believe that you have been gone for 4 years.  I know that you are in a better place.  But you are still missed and loved.  I hope you see the candle I light for you each month on the 6th at 4:30 in the morning.  Keep an eye out for Ursula and the boys to keep them out of harm's way.
My how time flies, still seems like yesterday.  Thanks for watching over us we love and miss you so much, you and George were my rock!
Tell your brother to chill out doing the best I can on the quilt.   Your new grandson is a cutie. Love and miss you, sis
Uncle Don, I think about you &amp; my dad everyday.. I miss you both so much.. A couple days ago when I accidentally cut my hand and fingers working outside I started laughing because I could have sworn I heard you chuckle &amp; saying " put some salt on it so it wont get infected " .. I said Very Funny uncle Don Very Funny and Dave asked me who I was talking to and I told him &amp; he started laughing too.. I LOVE YOU UNCLE DON &amp; I MISS YOU SO MUCH...
Don I miss you and need you right now.  Today is Georges birthday.  I have been praying for Ursula please help her.  I can't lose her too.  I miss you guys so much.  You two were my rock.  I pray we can all get thru this.   love sis
Happy Birthday my sweet brother.  You are so missed. I know you are in a better place but I am lost without you and George. Love and miss you both Sis
Love love love you, and miss miss miss you love sis
Well brother this is year 2 and seems like yesterday. We all miss you and George so much.  I just pray you know you were so loved.   Love and miss you Sis
Don, it's been 2 years today since you passed.  I still miss talking to you on the phone.  I know that you're in a better place, but we all still miss you and love you.
Well Don it has been 2 years since George left me and soon to be 2 years that you left me.  Love and miss you both very much.  I am trying to keep an eye on the love of your life and family.  I try to help however I can.  I take Ursula gifts every once in a while.  She is doing good, of course a few bad days are coming soon.  Love and Miss you, already gave George a hard time for leaving me so now it is your turn. Tell George and Mom and Dad they are loved and missed. Love Sis
Sorry couldn't do the Thanksgiving this year.   Things just hit me and I lost it. Thinking of you always, missing you and George so much. Love sis
Don just letting you know you and George are in my thoughts every single day.  You are still my rock, and I talk to you all the time, and no I haven't gotten water hooked up to the refrigerator or my hot rod.  Lol Love and miss you so much. Love Sis
Don I sure miss you and George, Life really sucks without you guys.  Thelma passed away last Monday so if you see her tell her Hi.  She was upset with me because I made her go to the hospital.  She didn't want to go she said this was her home but I did not want her to die at home and me find her.  She died about 5 hours after she went to the hospital.  I made her laugh that morning, we were talking and I started laughing she wanted to know why,  I said I have my shorts on backwards,  she said you better fix them before somebody sees it and started laughing.   Stacy has disowned me for a crazy, criminal boyfriend and that really hurts.  I thought we were so much closer than that but I guess not.  You are missed and thought of everyday.  I wish I could have been a better sister to you and George.  Love sis
Ok Don,  Still waiting.  Man I miss you and George so much, everyday is a challenge for me anymore.  It has not gotten easier for me I feel it has gotten harder.  Can my family please help me? love sis
Hey big brother, I need you and George to help me.
Don, I miss you and George so much.  I think of you every day.  I have needed to talk to you so many times. I think of joining you often.  I don't understand why your family does not leave anything on here.  It confuses me.  Tell mom and dad hi. love you Sis
Don,  I wish you were here I really need you right now.  Day to day is getting harder.  enough said don't want to be committed. Love sis
Well big brother, took jeep in today to have a recall done.  h ah ah aha tried to sell me a Challenger, and a Camaro..  I sure would love to have either but you know oh grumpy pants, his idea or it's no good. Camaro made me think of you and the time you took me for a ride in yours.  We were at the end of the block before I even got my seat belt on.  Funny boy you were,  you just about made me pee my pants.  Love and miss you so so much.   love sis
Well big. Brother I was over for your birthday.  I sang my birthday song to ya, it sounded bootiful, lol.  Love and miss you.
Happy birthday up in heaven, Don.  We love you and miss you so very much.
Happy Birthday uncle Don... I Love You &amp; I Miss You.. XOXOXO
Don, not a day goes by that I don't think of you.  I sure have needed to talk to you.  It's not any easier but I am trying to cope, what else can I do?  I am lost.  You are loved and you are missed.  You and George both were my rocks and you left me with pebbles. LOL love sis
Don, we all miss you and love you so much.  I'm so glad you got to see George and your Mom before you passed on.  It verified my belief.  I know you are in your prime up there and it must be heavenly.   Ursula is having a hard time.  It's not any easier for me or Mary or the kids.  We all love and miss you.  Give George a hug for me.  I love you!
Things are just not the same without you and my dad here and its just not fair I am still angry and bitter that the two of you are gone it's never going to get any easier.. I think about you both everyday I would give anything to have both of you back forever or even just a day ...  Aunt Ursula gave my mom your old kitchen table and chairs im sanding them down and re staining them trying to make them look like the day you brought them home it keeps my mind occupied and me doing something so I don't go any crazier then I already have in this past year.. I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU UNCLE DON..
Thanks for being my brothers, love you , miss you
Miss you fellas!!
Uncle Don I Love You &amp; Miss You
I Love you both very much and miss you so.
I will simply say that I miss you. It's about all I can muster up. No other words that I type (and erase...and type...and erase...) seem to matter.
You could tell just by listening to David talk about Renee what an amazing wife and mother she was.  My wife and I, we were blessed to have been able to spend time with her on a few different occasions and you could instantly feel the joy and happiness that filled her life.  I am comforted to know that she is in heaven with our Lord and Savior, and that the love that she had will be carried on by David, Christopher, Preston, Xavier, and everyone else who was blessed to spend time with her. David, our prayers are with you and the boys.  May God continue to carry you through this difficult time.
May her memory always live, God bless all of you still here with us on earth and may her wings spread to the heavens for she lives now in eternity! Much love to all!   Love, Judith Bañuelos Cabral
Renee, I am so honored that I had the brief opportunity to share in your life, you were an inspirational and beautiful Black women, your smile and hart was the warmest and purest. I never will forget that suit your son was gifted, and your humbleness when I brought it by.  I never told you, but I love u.  Family is going to miss you, with all my love and prayer. Rhonda
My Dearest Renee,  In just a few hours we will celebrate your life with story and song in front of many witnesses.  May you rejoice from heaven right along with us.  May the outpouring of love in your honor be a testament to the love you showed all of us. I love and miss you more than words can ever express. David
I knew Renee only breifly, but the love that she had for her family, was palpable, and was felt by everyone around her.  Her caring and compassion, her love, and bright spirit touched us all.   My thoughts and prayers are with David and the rest of the family in this time of loss.  I pray the Lord give you strength and peace, and that you may celebrate the life of Renee everytime to look upon each other.
ove you
A wonderful memorial for a wonderful person.  Your light will never stop shinning and the men you helped shape and raise will be testament to your impact and legacy.
A great man will always be remembered. A loving wife will always be cherished. Thanks for being there Brenda! Love you always, and keep that teddy bear close!
So dearly missed, such a wonderful man. Will be greatly missed by his entire huge family.
I love you Nana banana.
I love you.
You're truly missed Nana.
Please accept my deepest sympathies. Sincerely , Loraine (Hospice LaGrange nurse)
I am so sorry for your loss.  You will meet again.
Rest in peace Hazel. We will miss you
My sincere condolences for my friend, Tammy Smith Sankey and her entire family. May God be with you in your time of sorrow.
Tammy, Ray And Keith you know I love your Mom very much she was the best Aunt anyone could every have I knew that she loved me and my family. I will miss her so very. All of you are very special to me. You are in my thoughts and prayers.  Love to all.
Tammy, I know that you are hurting right now, but take comfort in knowing what a wonderful daughter that you were to your precious Mother.  No one could have asked for more than the love &amp; devotion that you have given to your Mom during her illness.  You are a very special person &amp; I know that she is so proud of her beautiful daughter &amp; is smiling down on you.  Sending you hugs...please call me for anything that you might need.
My prayers are with you and your family
I know the hurt you are going through. You and your family are in my prayers. Hang in there for God is with you.
Ray,we are sorry for your loss. We know that you, your sister and brother gave your mother all the love and care you could during her illness.  We know she loved you all very much. Even though your heart is broken now remember that she will always live on in your hearts and memories.
One of the hardest things we have to go through in this life is the death of a mother. There are no words to take away the grief, but know that we share in that grief and look forward to seeing Miss Hazel again in heaven as we have been given that assurance by Christ himself. You and yours are in my thoughts and prayers.
Ed.. no words could say... and I have tried to say them all! I have known you for four years, and you became my dear friend, warm love, and happy companion during that time.  We both came from rocky years, and in my belief heaven brought us to each other's lives here..  I was the displaced girl, agitated, but full of a trust, that hearts need value.. and you were the oddly calm one with such grace and companionship.  You said there is a beautiful girl alone, still with an accent from the south, and I said there is a calm soul with no violence.. We almost immediately believed in one another, and shared many days in a surprising, unpretentious friendship, and concern for one another.  I love you more today than any day before this one, and see in you all the energy you meant for us.  You loved "us", and were winning me over day by day.  I see you everywhere.  I hold your hand.  I am talking into the air so that if you hear me you can know without a doubt... that I am not mad at you.. that you were the most beautiful relationship that I ever knew.. that I wished I had kissed you twice as much.. so that wherever you are you know I am so blessed to know you... honey...
Mamaw it's been almost 2 years since you passed and I miss you more and more each passing day!  Fly high my precious angel!
Missing you every day Mum xxxx
Well mum31 years today he called you to heaven miss you so much you would be so proud of my children the way they are bringing up there children you are a great an to 6 even though Sarah's has gone into care  the rest are doing well growing up knowing all about you you would love them all so much going to lay some flowers down for you today hope you like them xxxx God bless my precious darling mum xxxxx
30 years today god took you away nt a day goes by when I don't think about you missing you so much mum could so do with a big cuddle of my mummy gone but never forgotten xxxx
30 years today god took you away nt a day goes by when I don't think about you missing you so much mum could so do with a big cuddle of my mummy gone but never forgotten xxxx
Happy Birthday Aunty.....love and miss u every day x x
Happy birthday mum another year without you it breaks my heart but I know you are happy with having dad back with you love and missing you so much xxxx
For you and dad wish you were here with me I could do with a mum cuddle right now dad I need a boot up the back side to get my head sorted out Miss you both so much we will be reunited one day and I will be the happiest person ever then xxxx
mum another year has gone without you on mothering sunday i will be up to visit you as per usual time gets no easier missing you so much xxx love ad miss you loads xxxxxxxx
Rest in peace auntie  xx x love u forever xxx
mum you have been gone 29 years this year you have the love of your life with you now you would be so proud of us all and i no you would love all your great  grandchildren miss you  so much xx
My Dad was an amazing man to many.. but to his family the most...Dad you are and always be my Superman....But like him...you met your kyrptonite.. I miss you more and more everyday.. dad just know I love you more and more each day... I been blessed with your grandson Tyler who know is my superman... Everyday  passes hes more and more like you...
It has been 4 years today since Ron killed you and left a large hole in all of our hearts. We know you look down from Heaven, we feel you close every day. Haylee, out of nowhere, mentioned that she thinks of you and feels you near her. Through tears, I told her that you were very close to her, snuggled deep inside her heart. She said she misses you, as we all do. I love you, Jennifer and wish you were here to hold tight. Life may go on without you here with us, but you are loved every day, every hour and thought of twice as much. Until the day we are all together once again, Momma loves you so very much!!
I didn't  get to know  Jennifer that well but there was someone  that thought  she was was very important and needed  her more than everyone  on earth  he had a special  place for her and she's  going  to be watching  over her loved  ones  always. Blessings to all of you.
Jennifer, I remember the day that your mama shared your birth.  She was happy, misses you, but I know that you are smiling, looking down with love.  God bless you.  Flowers are planted this past week, I will post a picture soon. Love to you, your family, etc. Bennette
We miss you so much, I know you are watching over all of you family and friends, you are still much loved and missed by those that you have touched with your wonderful heart and soul.
God Bless you Jennifer…I didn't know you..but I've known your mama forever.   I saw you as a little girl in your mama's shopping cart, it doesn't seem, so very long ago at all.    I truly hope you can keep looking over and protecting your children, your mother, and your sisters.  They have still not had closure to this.   I hope to God, that it all comes to a close soon for them, with the way you were taken from them.  Enjoy your flights with the angels sweetie….you are missed and are loved very very much.
Oh my goodness!  What a wonderful thing to come home from work and see!  &lt;3  I miss my big sissy sooooo much!  She would have adored my Marcus!  They have a lot in common and would have been great friends, no doubt!  This page makes me want to cry!  :(  I love you Jenn!!!
Hey Gina,        Everyday I strive to be a better friend . The kind you were to me. I often think of our adventures. I'm reminded of your strength, devotion, excessive love, and your way of telling me to get my head out my ass and move forward. I miss you everyday. I'm so sorry I wasn't a better friend. Thank you for loving me anyway.  Until we meet again.  Gina
Jennifer was taken from us by the one person that was supposed to love her more than anything. In killing Jennifer, he hurt all of us at the same time. I know Jennifer is looking down on us from Heaven. She is with her grandparents who loved her so very much. Jennifer is kept close in my heart as I know she is in her children's hearts. We miss her SO very much!
Didn't know her but the tributes her family &amp; friends demonstrate the legacy she left on earth.  A much loved, beautiful young woman.  God bless you Jennifer!
I love you papa
I miss you dad
o jjohn
I miss you son, more than words can say. I feel alone as I 6 struggle to get through each day. I know you are no longer in the grips of addiction and are free from pain, knowing that I will see you again when my time comes keeps me alive. I always tell your nieces and nephews how wonderful you were.  I love you son
Ryan here it is another heavenly birthday for you. I know you have never left my side, you always leave signs letting me know your close, this has really been a tough year for me health wise, I know you give me the strength to continue fighting.  I finally fought my addiction battle and now I continue praying and I put my life in God's hands, God is great. Tell Amanda I love her, tell mom and dad I miss and love them so much. Happy Birthday my forever 29, heavenly son. I love you son.  MOM
Babyboy how the time flies, but losing you time has stood still. I can remember  everything about that day.  I loved you so much and still do,and always will. I know you're happy and I know babygirl Amanda is right beside you and the  pain and suffering of ADDICTION is gone and you bith are smiling down and telling me mom, you got this be able to find happiness ,stop dwelling in the past and dream of the day we're all together again. Ryan Addam Smith you were Born Free and getting your Second Chance.                               Love always, mom
Ryan,  you would be proud at how all your nieces and nephews talk about uncle Ryan. You didnt get the chance to meet them all but ,Jackie, Riley, JD, Kimmi, Ryan, Dameon and Brianna send their love to the Heaven above
I miss you each and every moment my son, I hear your favorite music and I  get a tear on my cheek, I  see food you enjoyed and I smile, I  watch a movie we all enjoyed and remember the arguments we had about the actors. Every day there are constant  reminders of you Ryan and our family isn't the same without you and so many people miss and love you
Missing you everyday. Your presence is felt. Love you bro
Can't sleep...I have these nights where I just miss u so much I can't sleep....I miss u babe!
I LOBE U! Miss u more than I can almost handle sometimes!!
I love and miss you so much babe
Bro, I love you. I think about you every day. Before work, I grab my necklace to take you with me. I put on rock music and we get our jam on before I start my long days. Through my stressful time in school after you passed I only kept on to make you proud. I love you. I cant believe you are "gone". It breaks my heart everyday. I just stay strong because I knew you hated when I cried over you. Love you and miss you deeply
Let's go back to 2009..…i was slammed at Castaways and the door swings open and in walked three young dudes I've never met! I had only been living in Astor for a half a year so I hadn't met everyone just yet! So first walked in Chris Spence smiling like he was the hottest thing in the bar B-) ,then next was Lloyd Spence just as goofy as ever and last BAM 6'4 bright blue eyes and the nicest biggest warmest smile YOU!  Ya'll went to the deck and requested me! Excited I took my time getting to u boys and when I did Chris wasted no time lol a and you order a pitcher of beer and said "and mama if u want to give us free shots that's OK and it will help your tip beautiful" As I walked off I heard Chris say he was going to hit "that" tonight (ya right) After god knows how many free shots thanks to your good looks n personality y'all get up to leave and u hand me your number and tell me ur trailer isn't far from my house and that I should walk down and watch basketball sometime! So I did but soon came to learn that your heart belonged to Erin and try as I might you just didn't fall in love with me like I did u! Then only à few short months later u walked to my house! "Mama, I'm moving back to Michigan!" WHAAAAATTTTT! I was already so in love but I encourage you to chase your heart and go to her (Erin). The saying goes " if you love someone let them go and if they come back it was mmeant to be" YOU CAME BACK!!! I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU MOOSE!!
Happy birthday my darling
Not a single day goes by without I miss you
ove and miss you everyday my darling wished you was still her with us .Cant believe its nearly a year since you left us , always in my thoughts and heart
my loving husband forever in our thoughts. Sadly missed everyday
Happy Birthday in Heaven PeeWee! I think about you every single day and miss you so very much. Love you always!
It has been a year since you left and joined Mom and your loved ones. You are truly missed here on this earth. I think of you everyday hoping you and mom are watching us from heaven. I love you.
Happy Birthday PeeWee. You may be in Heaven but you are remembered greatly here on Earth. I love you and miss you.
My sweet mama...Mama..I miss you so much..Words can't describe how my life have change since I lost you. I think about you everyday mama. My world will never be the same...Mama...We love you always.Your kids...Sand..Derek..and Bolt..and your 12 grandkids...We all love and miss you so much..R I.P Sweety!!
My Ethel, aka PeeWee, I want to especially say 'Thank You' for everything. Yes, I did this when you were here with us but wanted to say it somewhere it will remain forever. You helped me more than I think you even realized. It was more than just physically doing things to help take care of mom. It was the times we spent talking. I miss those so very much. No one knows this but you were my rock. You kept me strong even when I didn't think I could go any further, you had shown me, I was wrong. I think of you and mom every single day of my life. She loved you so very much and it was that, in which I became to know and feel. I thought I would be able to handle the loss of mom because I had you, but I learned very quickly, as I already knew, we are never promised tomorrow. I lost my rock, my strong hold. What makes this worthwhile is knowing you are with mom now. Neither one of you are suffering. RIP my rock....RIP.
My loving husband
Dear Randy and the rest of the Smith family, I am sorry to learn of your father's passing last Nov. 11,2013(which happens to be my birthday)  Although he was my patient only for the past few years prior to my retirement, compared to your Mom's who was my patient for many years,it seems like I have known him also the same length of time. Your mom and I always had conversations about their activities, travels, and family functions.She always brought me clippings from newspapers and magazines about the Philippines, be it anything about  former President Cory Aquino, or recipes of Filipino dishes.I was also a recipient of some of her bake goods and harvest from their garden. You must be very proud of your parents, the same way they were proud of you Their spirit of volunteerism after retirement was quite admirable,one of the best acts of kindness I have encountered, that extended even after death,by donating his body to medical research , which would benefit a lot of people. What a very noble thing to do! I'm sure you will miss them terribly, but knowing they are happy together in heaven will surely bring you comfort and peace. My thoughts and prayers are with you and the rest of the family during this difficult time.   God bless always, Dr. Leticia S. Galvez
Hey sister  its been a little bit  scents we've  talked  but happy birthday   I didn't  forget  its just  been. Hard to get over  you still  and. Can't  believe  your really  gone theirs a lot that's. Gone on with the  girls and. Aaron  but I'm sure that you. Already  know what it is   but enuff said  tho just. Rember who. Loves you  we all. Do love always. The family
Its Andy your brother. I am doing good im clean i work all the time and am taking care of my wife and kids i love you and miss u sis always will
Ruby, sis I miss you so much.. It seems to be alot to hold the family together since you left us.. I love you and you made me strong.. It's kinda hard explaining it to you girls, im trying.. I found a man, that i think you would be proud of.. Brittany needs some light at the end of her tunnel, show her your still there for her sissy.. We all miss you and it being holidays its kinda hard for everyone.. You will forever be in my heart and my angle.. I know you are my babies angel to, thank you...
It's been almost. 6 years scents you've been  gone  it feels like. Yesterday  a lot has happened  scents  you've  gone even  though   you see everything  we do down  hear   you send me  so many  hints that  its you  and I no its you its one of those. Sines but not to keep you. Cause your  just as busy as we are  hear taking care of all. Those that's. Made it their we love you and merry Christmas
Hey sister its been a while  scents u  been gone  I love u and  miss u
Sister u will always b missed llove u. And aaron miss u to
Sister u will always be mised love u
Madea I will always miss you .You were my best friend and my mom,I will love you for ever. I still get full when I think of you.
you are gone but never forgotten rip my friend till we meet again
Dear devin we lovecand miss you from your sisters We love You
Hey son this is your mother. I miss you so much.i will never for get you.by the way you are a big bro again.his name is SINCERE DEVIN SMITH AKA BOOTSY. HE GO KNOW ALL ABOUT YOU AN WHERE HIS NAME COME FROM LOVE YOU SON HIT YOU UP LATER MAY 31 2017
Love from sisters ell, bell, and thumper
I love u devin , i miss u deeply words can't even express the pain and emptiness I feel. Its been almost three years since u been gone cousin.I still think about u. I find myself laughing thinking about our child hood and what I could of did differently as a bigk cousin. I no people say o he Ina better place blah blah blah fuk all that u need to be here , playing with your sons being the best father u could be . I spent daylans fourth birthday with him I couldn't do nthn but cry and smile n his face he looks so much like u its ridiculous. Its that time of year again thanksgiving just around the corner its so hard celebrating because we pose to be at grandma house together laughing at how fony r family is and how we gonna always have each others back . I'm glad that bitch as nigga art gotta sit down for 31 years it ain't shyt  but hey at least they got that nigga . I just miss yo silly goofy ugly as so much damn u was only 20 smh shyt crazy . I hope u appericate all I've done fuk that i no fasho u do . hope u love the headstone shyt u better cost me a pretty penny rmaooo
I regret not spending time with u on poopoo birthday when u asked me to stay , never would of thought n a million years that, that would be the last time I seen u alive , happy I could make sure u was put to rest in a timely manner , well cousin the court case over with now u can fully rest n peace I love yhu paul I'll never forget about u my favorite cousin. Save a place for me right next to u Brian and Alex love y'all
Carl please watch over BUBBA, til I get there!
OMG 5 YEARS, SOME DAYS IT SEEMS LIKE A LOT LONGER THEN OTHER DAYS IT'S LIKE YO WERE BESDE ME YESTERDAY!!! I MISS YOU MORE THEN WORDS CAN COME CLOSE TO EXPRESS!!! I AM SORRY CARL. I DID THE BEST I COULD DO AND WHEN I KNEW BETTER  I TRIED HARDER!!!!               LOVE YOUR BIG SIS, SEE YOU SOON, SEE YOU SOON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LITTLE BROTHER!! I MISS YOU MORE THAN WORDS CAN EXPLAIN!!! I LOVE YOU!  PLEASE SEND ME A SIGN YOU CAN HEAR ME!!!!!!!!
I MISS YOU MORE THAN EVER. I HOPE YOU AND TIM ARE SPENDING TIME TOGETHER. TODAY WAS TUFF AS HELL. I LOVE YOU. I AM SORRY CARL!!!!!!!!!!!!
I MISS MY BABY BROTHER ALL THE TIME. I STILL TALK TO YO ALL THE TIME TOO. YOR THE ONLY ONE I DO TALK TO. I LOVE &amp; MISS YO VERY MUUCH!!!!!!!!!
I miss you is not even close to what I feel. I long for you. My birthday seems to be boring without my brothers! Tell DaymondI wish him a happy Birthday !  Love You  YOUR BIG SISTER
I thought it was coming up on 3 years since you passed and its been 4.  Amazing how time flies by when you get older.  Miss you lots and think about you all the time!
Miss you like crazy!!!!
Hard to believe it's coming up on 3 years since you have been gone.  I miss and love you so much brother!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! I miss you more then ever! I love you &amp; hope you can hear me crying out to you!
I Miss you more &amp; more . I feel so alone lately. I hope you can hear me because I still talk to you all the time!! LOVE YOU &amp; MISS YOU SO MUCH
MISS EVERYONE , but you the most !!!!!!!!
Donnetta &amp; I were just saying how much you are MISSED!!
OMG I have missed you! My only wish is you can hear me because ( your crazy sister) I still talk to you all the time.I noticed when ;ever I write I mess up my sentences and sound CRAZY AS HELL. That"s because I"m even crazier without you here.  I LOVE &amp; MISS MY BABY BROTHER SO MUCH I ALMOST WANT TO COME NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! '
I"M SORRY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Another year without you brother.  Still hurts and sucks so bad!!!!!!!!!!
I so wish you were here!!!!!!!  I think about you all the time.  I love you so much!!!!!!!!!   Can't believe it's been 2 years already.
It has almost been two years without. I miss just as much now as the first day I lost you. OMG I wish I could talk to you right now. I love &amp; miss you . YOUR CRAZY SISTER
I MISS YOU LIKE CRAZY BABY BRO LOVE YOUR BIG SIS! Please help me with a message to tell me which way I should go. I know you can.
God I miss you.I still keep wanting to call you.So this is YOUR SISTER CALLING YOU.
OMG 1 LONG YEAR. IT HAS BEEN A VERY LONG YESR WITHOUT YOU. I TALK TO YOU ALL THE TIME STILL. I  ASI DID ON THOMISS YOU AS MUCH NOW AS I DID ON THE FIRST MONTH YOU WERE GONE.I LOVE &amp; MISS YOU BABY BROTHER!!!!!!!!!"
Thinking about you big time today brother!   I miss you so much!!!!  I tried to clean out my storage shed this week and could not do it.  Just kept thinking about you helping me do it the last time it needed it because I was to sick.   Oh how I wish you, mom, Daymond and Pat were here!!!!!!
I miss you brother big time!  Happy Birthday!!!!!!!!!
I missed you a lot this week sure wish you were here to share this with I felt you presence when I shot that silly string at her. I hope you heard her speech about you. Miss you more and more.  love your sister
I seem to be missing you more than ever BABY BROTHER. I don't really have anyone I can count on I always knew I could count on you. I hope that you knew you could count on me, I tried the best I could.I miss you now and forever. love your sister
I LOVE AND MISS YOU LIKE CRAZY. I KNEW I WOULD I JUST WISH I COULD TALK TO YOU. I MEAN I WISH I COULD HEAR YOUR ANSWERS BECAUSE I TALK TO YOU ALL THE TIME.
I miss you so much baby girl. I love you.
Another year without you Leanne, i miss you so much, i know your watching over us and your new great nephew Zavier. the pain still hurts the tears still flow  forever in our hearts xoxox
6 years mate, where does the time go. One day you were here, the next you were gone! We still think of you often too !! Cheers mate. Caz &amp; Shirl
Wow can't believe it's 6 years,miss you mate and think of you always karen k
Wow 5 years since you went away. You are missed by all, but we are sure you are being looked after by others who have passed. Caz &amp; Shirl xx
going to 5 years this year since you left and i miss you everyday xo
Forever in our hearts xx.  Caz &amp; Shirl xx
Everyday that goes by your always in my mind, wondering how you are going, I miss you heaps on the 7th on jan we had a lost of are family dog and we know you will be training him up there, he only knows how to sit,  Your two girls miss you jade and Pepsi, each day I see them I give them a kiss and a hug for you, grandma and grandpa are taking great care of them as you did,  Love you lots xooxoxoxoxo
We will always be thinking of you. We miss you heaps. Xxxxx the world misses you and so do we. You were a loving and wonderful and nice person. Miss you lee. Love from.michelle and kayla xoxoxoxoxox
I know that you're making miracles happen down here--thank you.  I continue to follow your lead spreading joy and goodwill.  Love, Franki
I will always be here for you to use me to deliver your power.  Never hesitate to call on me Taylor Scout. I am here.
Thank you Taylor.  I hope to spread the word. <a href="http://frankijo.com/?p=854" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://frankijo.com/?p=854</a>  See you soon.
Rest in peace little one :)
Taylor Smith, The bravest of them all &lt;3
You were not only my son but my best friend.  I think of you every day, when I get on the bus I see you sitting there.  I am glad I saw you that last day. Miss you and love you
You are always in our hearts.  The house is so quiet without you here, your laughter and smile lit up the room.  Love you my son
May your memory live on forever!
Sarah was my sister. I always looked up to her. I missed school some days so I could go with her whenever he got her chemo. I miss her so much. I couldn't even walk up to the casket when it was time for her funeral. I couldn't. It felt like half of me was gone. I miss her so much. She'll be dearly missed. I love you sissy. R.i.p
I didn't know Sarah but I'm so sorry. I lost my husband to cancer on Feb 11th 2012.
ove and miss you !
hi sis, its been 2 years since you left us and we miss you so much you just would not imagine. I am having such a hard time to get your memorial up and running because I don't know where to start, not too great at posting pictures or computers but am hoping to get some help from other friends and family real soon....love you sis xxoo
hi sis:  want you to know how much I miss you and will soon join you, so wait for me eh?
hi sis, this is Judy, and I miss you so much you just don't know.... stay put...we are coming to see you and laugh again....xxoo
Dad miss you so much, wish you were here for this your Birthday
Dear Dad its been four years since I last talked, or seen you. We still miss you very much, the kids are so big now, 14,9,7, so many things have happen, good and bad wish you were here to talk to. With all our love!!!       Arlene Keith Dontay Annie Cody
I am wondering if your dad wrote the book " the Secret of instantaneous healing. ". If so, it helped me tremendously and helped set the frame for a life of health. Kelly
We love and miss you dad your loving family!!!!!
May 26th, a day I will never forget. We  miss you so much, and you will always be in our hearts!!!!!!!!! Arlene Doris Keith, Dontay Deanna Cody and Devina...
Another year of missing you mom, we love and miss you always. Though we grow older, we will never forget you. Love Arlene, Keith, and your grandkids...
To my mother I miss you so much, you are always in my heart. Love you Arlene!!!!!!!!
Dear Leighton .. only wish I had the pleasure of meeting you here on Earth . However, we will meet in the Lord's Kingdom . May the Good Lord take good care of you.. Your Brother in Christ ...Frank Onorato
Hello Babe it's been awhile scene my you have been gone and so I just wanted to tell you that you became a new grandpa on January 22.2014.Your son Kevin and. Adrian had a new baby boy his name is Dylan Ryan Smith he is so precious.and very cute there has been so much happing here at home that now one now's . But US I sure miss you so very much I still break down and cry because I miss you so very much. Love your loving wife.
Will it's been two years scene you have been your little angle Tara starts her first year in preschool she has grown up so much you would be so very proud of her. We all miss you so  very much you.
Will another year has almost past scene you have been I miss you so darn much I still break down cry a lot when no one around I just can't seem get over you your death I love you so dam much and now your gone now I have no one loving you was the best thing in my life.IAM so happy to have been in your life I love you forever.
This is in memory of my Amazing Husband Rocky Rocko Smith who fought. Cancer for two long years  it was so heart breaking to see my Husband go though so much pain. And he lost his Battle with his cancer on Jan 1.2012. He is in Heaven now and is not in pain anymore.he is watching over all of us keeping all of us safe.You are my Rock.
He also leaves behide his loving wife and five children and four grandchildren and two sister s and one bother and mother and lots of nephews and nieces. He will be true miss by all of us.
I will never ever forget you mom , I love you forever n ever , this life time and the next
Gosh Mom, it seems like you have been gone so long. I Love you and miss you every day. Till we meet again.
Today is your anniversary and birthday Mom. You would be 94.
Mom today is the anniversary of your birth. You would have been 92 years old. Today is also your wedding anniversary that you would have been married 60 years to Arthur M Smith.  I miss you both and know that you are looking down on all of us. You are our guardian angels. May you both rest in peace.
Mom, I miss you very much. You have gone to glory with our Lord and you are at rest and peace.
Uncle Carl it's been 2 years Today. I know you are here with us everyday watching over us. Mis you and live you very much, still can't believe you gone. Merry Christmas uncle Carl kiss nan and pop for me. Xoxoxoxo
Carl it;s been 2 years today. It will leave a sad place in your family and friends hearts,but also wonderful memories something will pop in someones mind of a time with you and they will smile. maybe family gatherings someone will say '' Remember that time with Carl..". There is always a place in the corner of everyone's heart for you Carl, You will always be missed and Loved. Merry Christmas in Heaven...
I miss Carl the most when I am home.Most of the time we would meet on the road when I would be walking and he would be going to the store. we would stand there talking ever so long. I met carl when he did some work at my house and him and I just connected. Then most every night we would chat on facebook.I got to know him really well. most people didn't know that. He was a very handsome man. also very loveable. heart was so big. I sure miss him alot. especially this time of year.  you are miss.
I miss you and love you forever , you are in my thoughts a lot . I know you are in Heaven looking down at me doing my tree today and saying something about .  FOREVER IN MY HEART
Uncle Carl, I have so many good memories of you. I think of you often. love and miss you forever. xoxoxoxo me and my girls love you sooooo much.
As I'm sitting here as time gets closer to you being gone from us for a year, the sader my days become. I still can't believe you have passed on to live your life in heaven. I miss you sooo much and wish I could talk to you and hear your voice again. Life is not the same here....yeah its something I need to move on with but I just find it so hard. You would be so proud of your family...Christopher will be in kindergarten this year! Time flies by so quick. Its been 6 years and I'm going to miss you telling me happy birthday on Thursday! Keep us all under your watch. Miss you and love you!
As I'm sitting here as time gets closer to you being gone from us for a year, the sader my days become. I still can't believe you have passed on to live your life in heaven. I miss you sooo much and wish I could talk to you and hear your voice again. Life is not the same here....yeah its something I need to move on with but I just find it so hard. You would be so proud of your family...Christopher will be in kindergarten this year! Time flies by so quick. Its been 6 years and I'm going to miss you telling me happy birthday on Thursday! Keep us all under your watch. Miss you and love you!
we all love you and miss you tony you will always be the best man I ever know and I will always have a butterscotch shot any time im out to have a drink and will always have goetta  when I have breakfast you always won the goetta  challenge when we went camping of who could bring the most and the biggest love ya tony keep me a spot in heaven and always look out for all of us that love you
Tony, my brother...I'm going to miss you so much. You raised my three nephews like your own sons and gave me one more nephew in the process. You made my sister the happiest woman on earth. You are her soulmate. I can't believe you had to leave us so soon. You always took people under your wing and helped them with whatever you could. You didn't care about blood at all. If the person really cared and was truely there you loved them and they were your family. I remember so many good times and all the glasses we raised in your honor, whether it was yoir birthday, one of the boys graduations, you fighting this battle and recently just to say you were one of the best after your passing. I have lost loved ones in the past but none have been as close as I was with you. Tony you will always be missed by us, you will always be our brother, father, husband, uncle and son in law. May you rest in peace up there playing golf and fishing. I love you! Love your little sister Misty
Happy 71st Birthday Dad!  Love and miss you so much but know you are here with us every day. Catch some big ones today! ❤️
It's been 3 years since you left and went on your new journey. There isn't a day that goes by that we don't miss you. I think back on all the times we had and what you taught me and the man you help create and wish we could have had just a couple more. There is never a bad time to put a hook in the water. That's what I know your doing now. I love you and hope that one day we get to sit next to each other holding a cane pole. I miss you Dad.
Happy Birthday Dad!  We love and miss you sooo much.  I know I should be happy celebrating my wedding anniversary but it is hard with you not being here to celebrate as well.  I love you and can't wait to see you again.
Love and miss you so much!!!  Wish you were here to hold your lil Danny Franklin but at least I know you are one of his Guardian Angels and will always be looking out for him.  We talk to him all the time about his Grandpa Frank.  Love you Dad!!!
We all miss you very much. Happy birthday. Even though it is your birthday the hurt of you not being here with us is felt everyday not just today. I know your looking down and smiling today as you watched Heather get married this morning. I know you watch over all of us, Me Heather, Julia, Lynette and Scott. Love you Dad.
So many experiences left undone and things left unsaid but we know you are still here with us as we feel your presence every single day.  Love you Dad. Hope you are having a grand time seeing loved ones and catching that big one that always seemed to get away in your fish tales.  We will see you again but for now have your great memory to help us get by. Love and miss you so much Daddy. Your Heathen
It has been a year since you passed. There was so many things still left to do and see between us. I know your helping guide me on the path I am on now but it doesn't take away the pain from missing you Dad. We had a great moment this morning at the creek. If only we had a pole we could have caught a couple of those fish. I wish you would have told me what you thought when I wrote that note to you. I know it was good. I miss you a lot. It is hard not to shed tears. I try to remember the good things and stay positive today. I love you Dad.
Happy birthday Dad.
Happy birthday dad, I love you.
Happy Birthday Dad.  Love and miss you so much.
My dear brother and friend - it is about this time of night on your birthday that one of us would call the other and say "Hi twin" because for one month we were the same age.  We had so much in common and shared so much, we could have been twins.  I know you are watching from above and I feel your whisper "Hi twin".  Love and miss you.
Frank, I didnt know you , but I do know how much you were loved..: ( Your Family is Amazing and they Miss u so,  So Happy You Are at Rest and Out of Pain..Wish I could have Met You.  Happy Birthday With Love From Brother in Law Mikey and His Partner
God saw you were getting tired, And a cure was not to be, So he put his arms around you, And whispered, "Come to Me." With tearful eyes we watched you, And saw you pass away. Although we loved you dearly, We could not make you stay. A golden heart stopped beating, Hard working hands at rest. God broke our hearts to prove to us, He only takes the best... Love and miss you Dad
Happy 17th Birthday Kaine. Still in our thoughts always. Lots of love. Geraldine &amp; Cliff. Xxxxxxx
Happy 17th Birthday dearest Kaine miss you so very much special grandson xxoxx
Happy 16th Birthday  Kaine Sweetheart   :)  :)  Love and miss you so very much  xxxx    Keep smiling  :)  :)  All our love Nan and Grandad  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Dearest grandson Kaine  4 years   since youve been gone :(    miss you so very much  .   Be happy and keep smiling :)    All our love forever  Nan and Grandad    xxxoxxxoxxx
Trish and my thoughts for Kelly and Andy today. Love this photo of Kaine and his adoring grandad
Happy Belated birthday kaine. Still missing your handsome smile  And joyous laugh. Lots if love being sent to you as always. Xxxx
Happy 15th Birthday dearest Kaine   :)  :)  Miss you and your smile so very much.   Be happy with Russell and granddad  :)  :)  Love forever  Nan and Grandad  xxoxxoxx
To our dearest grandson Kaine on this 3rd anniversary of your passing.   Always thinking of you and your beautiful smile.   Love always  Nannie and Grandad  :)  :)  :)  xxoxxoxx
Dearest kaine.  You are very much in our thoughts today. 3 yrs since your gorgeous smile left us. Still think about and miss you very much. All our love being sent to you. Xxxxxxx
Happy 14th Birthday Smiler  :) :)  party time with your Grandad and Russell  :) :) Lots of love Nan and Grandad  xxoxxoxxoxx
Thinking of you today on your 2nd anniversary dearest Kaine  xxxxx  special day for you and your mum and dad as they renew their wedding vows.  smile down on them and us  xxxxx  Love you little fighter Nannie and Grandad  :) :) xxxxxxxxxxxxx
Merry Christmas dearest Kaine   :)  Always thinking of you and your lovely smile  :)    xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Thinking of you today gorgeus boy.......forever in our hearts.......love you lots always x x x x x x x x
Our thougjts are with today kaine.  Lots of love and hugs been sent your way.  Xxxxxxxxxxxx
Thinking of you today as we do every day dearest Kaine  really miss you and your beautiful smile.  Hope your tigger flowers made you smile:)  Be happy with your uncle Russell. Love forever to you both  :)  xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Merry Christmas dearest Kaine   love and hugs from Nannie and Grandad  :)   xxooxxooxx
Such a charming and happy young boy who touched so many people with his amazing strength and beaming smile. Missed by so many and always in our thoughts. Love Geri &amp; Cliff xxxxxxxx
Never ever forget you son love and miss you so very much taken far to early,your beautiful smile and amazing eyes will always b with me xxx
You will always be missed little tigger xxx
The Bravest little man I have ever met....miss you Kainey.....love always xxxx
You brought joy to all that met you and kept us strong when we doubted ourselves, your memory, which will always be with us, continues to do so. Love Nadine, James, Isaac and Reuben xxxx
Beautiful and amazing grandson.  Will be forever loved and always in our hearts.  Keep smiling and be happy with your uncle Russell  :)  xxxxx
I think about you often and always miss you. You were like a Mom to me and I miss talking to you. We went thru alot of things together good and bad but in the end all that really mattered was the Love that was always there. Wish u were here to have celebrated your Birthday or to decorate the Christmas Tree . I miss you Malinda and I love you always. Until we meet again watch over us all. Always, Diann
Hey mom it's just me and I wanna tell you how much I still love n miss you and I hope you have a great bday I wish you was here
It's a little bit late Muhammad but I just wanted to tell you happy belated birthday just 2017 I can't believe you're going to be 71 that you are my inspiration everyday of my life and you made me to be a strong mother for Jessica and all the rest I love you so much rest in peace Mom I love you always and forever
Hey Mama it's been 15 years and I'm still not doing this right I don't know what to do or how to get past this I miss you and I love you so so much that's never going to change no matter how long we never see each other I love you I just wish that you were here to hug me just 2 minutes I love you mom always and forever rest in peace July 8th 2017 at 2:14 a.m. I'm still thinking about you
It's you're birthday mom and I haven't slept I thought about you all night I miss you so bad I would love to have you here just so I could take care of you and pamper you the way that you used to take care of me and pamper me Mom I miss you and I need you always and forever rest in peace forever and ever I want to be with you sometimes so bad I wish I could just be next to you and hug you I would give anything just to have 5 minutes I love you
I think about u often and i miss u more than i ever knew i would u will alway be the best part of my life growing up and u tought me so many life lesson that i wish u were here to say i told u so or just talk to i love u all thhe way around the world and back save me a seat next to u nana
I cant believe mom its been14 yrs and i still miss you like it was yesterday you will always be my beautiful mother  i love and miss you everyday. Mommy
13Yrs mom I still miss you everyday I  love you mom
My mother how beautiful you are the whole world shines when you woke up you are my total and r inspiration you will live in my heart forever i love u mom
Thinking of you always ♥️♥️♥️
Always in our thoughts our most precious Grandson Harry xxx
We will never forget you our wonderful Grandson. Your Dad is now with you and we hope you are both so very happy in paradise together. You have some most beautiful flowers here. Love you always xxxx
Two years since we lost you and the pain remains. You left a space in our lives which never can be filled.  God love you Harry xxx
Its your 24th Birthday today and you are missed as much today as you were the day we lost you. Love you forever Harry xxx
A year has gone since we lost you but it seems like yesterday. We still see your smile and hear your voice. Life will never be the same again. Love you so much xxx
Its your 23rd Birthday today - miss you more than ever Harry xxx
Love you always Harry .auntie Ju Ju.xxx
Our Beloved Grandson. The light of our lives. Words can't express how much we love and miss him.  He was a special person and we were lucky that he was part of our lives if only for a short time. Love you Harry xxx
no words can describe the pain im in threw lossing u xx
Happy birthday Mum. Thinking of you I hope you like your flowers Miss and love you so much xxxxxx
n  peace  christine   was  such a lovely lady,  x
Hard to believe it's 7 years since you wer taken from us Christine. RIP.
Nearly another year gone with out you
wonderfull  lady  christine  R.I.P  must  be  so proud of your  two  daughters  michelle  &amp;  joanne
Happy birthday mum . Missing you loads. Hope you have a wonderful time up there on your birthday.love Mich ,Craig and kids
It's nearly that time of year again. So much has happened and we (me and jo) think of you being with us. For kids christmas plays. Birthdays, spending time with you. I always thought you would come back
o  a  lovely  lady  it  was  a  pleasure  to  know  you  ,  rest  in  peace christine,
Hi mum Can't believe it is nearly six years ago that we had to say goodbye it only seems like yesterday. Love and miss you everyday X.
Only met you a few times Christine but what a lovely lady you were! I know how much you are missed by your beautiful daughters.  And your grandchildren? Wow! They are such gorgeous children and I know your memory will always live on with them too. It's an honour to be an auntie to 4 of your grandchildren. They truly are amazing. Sleep tight Christine xxxx
Happy birthday mum.
Missing you loads. Me and craig talk about you to the kids, they see your star in the sky. I now have 3 boys and 1 girl how fast time goes. So wish you were still hear. Or even just to be here to see my kids and for me to tel you everything  and hear your voice and laugh again would make my day. I miss you mum. Love you so much xxx
Another day without you. it wont be long till your birthday ! you will soon have 7 grand children !!!! So much we are all missing out on . Would love to see you with my mad lot . so lucky you were able to see nick . Will born the day before your birthday now have grace and another due soon . Will be up to see you again tomorrow . miss you so much mum xxx
A wonderful lady who will live in my memory as long as I live.
I lay a flower for you. like the red rose I put in your hand on the last time I seen you. Nick has grown loads and now have William and Grace Christine , How I wish we could have another couple of years just to say everything and for you to see my kids. I Love you xx Mich
Christine. Wonderful mum and loving wife, you will always be in my heart and my memory.  God Bless Andy. X
I lit a candle for you tonight while I sat here with my 3 boys thinking about how much I miss you. Always thinking about you. Love you always. Until we meet again. Xxxx
I love and miss you so much, you are such a wonderful mum xxx
I miss and love you loads mum. Xx
A couple of things I remember my mum saying is how my cuz Gareth Edwards always reminded her of Robbie Williams.  She loved cooking and always let me and my sis lick out the cake mix bowl lol
miss you as much today as i did the day after
hey my sweet son,its been 2 yr and i want u back today as much as i did 2 yr ago.i think about u every day .i miss  my hugs.i cant wqait to see u again i love son.
Happy Birthday my heart,i miss you so much .who knew that so small thing could take  so big piece of  my hreat and then have it riped from my .i wish i could tell you how much i love you and miss you .i dont think words would do it now ,its  a big pain that i cant stop.
'' My son ,its almost your birthday and i wish i could give you a big birthday hug .Its not getting easier my heart is still broken and i cant seem to pull the pieces back together.38 yr ago i held this small bundle of love in my arms and now i cant get a small hug ,GOD ,this is so wrong on all levels.i'm not suppose to be here and have to hurt this way ,i wanted to go before you Chris did .we were the 3 amigos we were to stay together for a life time till i went not you or him. know this above all you and Chris  are my life ,my love ,my heart without one of you i'm lost and cant find my way .HAPPY BIRTHDAY    1-26-77
My  darling son,Its now at the 1 yr mark,I really thought it would be easier but its still as hard as it was this day a year ago.i love and miss u so much.You will always be in my heart .I miss your hugs and I would gladly give my life to being you back.I love you
Missing you something awful and kicking myself for all the things we promised to do that we never got around to. I was just thinking of all of the ways you went above and beyond to show everyone in your life that they mattered. Just one more I love you would be great... I've said it to the air at least a million times hoping you could hear me. As hard as I try I'm still not me without you, but I'm still trying. I'm sure you'd be just as proud of my efforts now as ever, confidence is key, right darling? As much as I know you're in a better place, my heart still aches to have you here again; to see you with your guys again; to feel and see in action your love again. If heaven really does call the best home first then your untimely departure makes at least that much sense, but it sure doesn't hurt any less.
Hey son,well  I made it pass the 10 month mark.i miss you so much ,i know you are looking down and smiling .i just wish i could have  a hug ,you know im big on hugs.tears get hard to hide .but i dont care ,it just shows im alive when all i want is to see you and tell you how sorry i am that i wasnt there when you needed me the most. you know i love you w all my heart and some day ill be able  to hug you again .
hey son god i miss u so much.its starting to get hot and i wish u were here to go to jelly stone park w me .i cry so much .i cant get to Chris as much as i want to ,it helps when im w him ,i feel like we are r together again.i just want this empty hole to stop hurting .come back god please let me see him one more time ,
HEY MY LOVE ,ITS Easter AND I SURE DO WISH YOU WERE HERE ,MY HEART IS BROKEN I MISS YOU SO MUCH .GOD WHAT I WOULD GIVE FOR ONE MORE HUG ,AND HERE YOU SAY ''I LOVE YOU MOM.
hey my love , my heart , i broke my wrist and of course i think of u ,i miss u so much . i wish i could get just one more hug.im so lost without you
It's been five months since you passed and all of those days have been filled with me and the rest of the family reminiscing all the great memories we have had. I just regret the fact that we didn't spend longer with you...if I was there with you that day everything would have gone fine and things wouldn't have ended like this. To this day I still imagine that I am outside walking around with Dad at my side, doing the things we used to do. Everyone misses you Dad. Hopefully everything is better now...
hey son, i just wanted to say i miss u .u know i love you more than my life .if i could id trade places with you. your boys needed you so much in their teen years.  we talk about when we are together ,i feel close to you when i have them .i love you son ,i miss you so much
Dad, you meant so much to me when you were with us and now that you're stronger and in a better place, nothing can hurt you. Your memory's will be forever past down from Cainan and me and all the Smith's to come. You understood me like no one else did and I know that you will always be watching over us. You will be there when we start to drive, when we have a family and when we die. Forever and ever will your heart and memory's last with us. I remember when you introduced me to Dubstep and you taught me how to play guitar. We used to sing together in the car while we drove around town. I remember when we drove around Bowdon on your scooter and i was so pumped to ride it. Now you'll be there when I sing and play in the school band and you'll be there when I eat lunch and hang with my friends. You are now closer to me then you ever were. I love you Dad...I miss you...
Joey you are the twinkle in the stars smiling down on us... Happy Birthday....You are forever missed.
We still miss you, Joey.  Hey, we could have all gone to Liz's house for a birthday cake today.  Glad you're in a safe &amp; happy place now.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BABY ,I MISS YOU TODAY AS MUCH AS I DID WHEN YOU WERE TAKEN AWAY FOR ME .I KNOW YOU ARE IN A SAFE PLACE NOW AND YOU NEVER HAVE TO HURT ANYMORE,BUT I JUST WISH I  HAD ONE MORE HUG TO GET ME THROUGH THIS SAD DAY .I LOVE SON  NOW AND ALWAYS . YOU ARE MY HEART ,MY LIFE AND MY SOLE
joey was  super great guy. i just found out this heart breaking news. he REALLY LOVED HIS BOYS. i remember when i last saw joey. he was outside sitting in his chair playing his guitar. now joey you are in HEAVEN PLAYING IT FOR THE ANGELS AND SINGING WITH JESUS. you will forever be MISSED. i will be PRAYING for the Malaki,and Cain. i KNOW YOU ARE TEACHING THE ANGELS HOW TO SING. I will see you one day BUD. ( PRAYING FOR THE FAMILY)
Joey was my son and i will cry for him everyday.He was really a great guy,he was my friend and loved one.I still cant believe that he passed in the way he did .loveu always son
Joey was always a very polite, caring young man whenever we had contact with him over the past 15+ yrs.  He survived heart surgeries, &amp; other medical procedures over the yrs.  He was blessed to have a son, Malaki, who is our cousin &amp; will miss his Dad.  We pray for all of Joey's family...for peace &amp; comfort in the days to come.  We loved Joey &amp; regret that he died in such a tragic incident
Love you mom, sorry to see you go but now you are in no more pain. Also you finally meeting your father. Love you
Daisy was by far the most pure, and precious love I have ever known. We were together for a longer period of time then any one person ever in my life, including my parents. She was nothing but a blessing from god... An angel. With a heart of gold, and breathtakingly intelligant.Nothing could ever replace her.My heart remains broken, but is mended with loving memories of her love.
Happy Birthday Dad. We are thankful for all you did for us. We know you and Mom are having a blast with square dancing with old friends. Be at peace, we Love You.
Happy Birthday Dad!  You are really missed. Mom asked me once why I was doing what I did to make sure she was okay and I told her, "Mom, that is the way you and Dad raised me."  I thank you for that so I could make sure Mom was okay.
Though I did not know Bill personally, I feel as if I knew him just a little by knowing his son Scott. Scott is a wonderful son, and husband, and ministry leader. I know Bill was very proud of Scott. My prayers are with you today Scott. Mica
What a beautiful tribute this site is for your Dad. It's wonderful to see all the pictures. Now I feel as if I know him, and you a little better. God bless you, and your family.
MOM I MISS  YOU VERY MUCH! I KNOW IN MY HEART THAT SOMEDAY I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN. BET YOUR UP THERE DANCING WITH DAD.BEING FREE FROM THE WHEEL CHAIR YOU GO MOMMA. LOVE YOU ALWAYS!!!!!!
I love you Wes more than words could ever say!! Your Giants are doing great, your baby girl Erin, Sadie, and Fatty are all doing great as well! We all miss you dearly and you will never be forgotten. Love ya buddy
I love and miss you buddy!! You maybe gone but never forgotten!!
I never had the pleasure of meeting Wes but I know he was a great man because he raised an amazing daughter!
my aunt iry was a very special lady she had no children but treated all of her nieces and nephews as her children we will always love and miss you aunt iry.
Always in the hearts of those that loved him and will never be forgotten. Sondra Moore Briggs
Carole and Family, Prayers for you and know that you are in our thoughts at this time of sadness.  Wishing you much comfort in the days ahead.
Carole, Lisa, Ginny, I was so saddened to receive the email this evening and would have been at the service, had know.  Your family and friendship has meant so much to me during the college days and all of the years since.  I will carry many found memories through life of visits with your wounderful family.  Henry
So sad to hear that his life ended short. One of my favorite people back in the day
Bahamas Times 4.20.2012 Stephen Forrest Smith was pronounced dead by Bahamian Officials following a boating accident near Turtle Cay, Bahamas on Tuesday. Mr Smith's boat was hit by a boat operated by another operator, an American on holiday. Authorities do not suspect alcohol or foul play in the incident and are holding the identity of the other operator pending investigation. There were no other injuries in the accident. Records show that Mr Smith was born in Marina Del Rey, California and spent some of his childhood in the Washington, Dc area (Gaithersburg, Md). Smith moved to Miami in the 80's to attend University at the University of Miami and remained there until his passing. He was active real estate in the city of Miami. He was also active in youth inner city sports leagues for young athletes and mentoring of the Miami inner city youth.  He is survived by his wife and four children.
DiDI, You will forever be remembered. Your sweet spirit and smile live on in Your loving sister Domonique who now has a son to cherish  of course your Mom and grandma Glo they all miss you so much but God needed you most to be an angel in his garden watching over your loved ones.  As we all reflect and remember your born day we say!  HBIH
Hey son.  Today would have been your 28th Birthday.  I will celebrate you in spirit son.  I love you always ❣️
Wish I could take the pain away from your family and bring you back for them. You were like a brother growing up! I remember when we were younger all of us jumping on the trampoline and just being kids. Staying the night at the house us all eating dinner together. You were such a clown, always picking on your sister. Truly out of love, when you miss someone those are the things that bring you so much joy. Just know you brought so many smiles to everyone's face.
Happy B-Day "D" I will give someone a hug today to celebrate your birthday.
It's now your third birthday since you blessed Heaven with your spirit.  I love you always and miss you more.
Hey big head... I'm not sure why you keep popping up in my dreams... Whatever you're trying to tell me, I'm listening ...
I miss you more than words can say.....
Hey Di,  I Wish we could have gone to visit you today. You are in our thoughts and in our hearts. I really cannot believe it's been a year. I feel like you and Tray were just being silly on the roof of his old house. I know he really misses you, you're his best friend. I miss you too and your amazing smile. You touched so many hearts and you continue to do so. We love you and we miss you, but you'll always be in our hearts.
I am delayed in finding out about this tragedy because I've been away from Fayetteville for a while now .. but finding this out has definitely saddened my soul because for the 4 years of high school and beyond that I've known you , its always heartbreaking to see someone that you know pass away. Even though its been years that we've seen or even spoken to each other, you obviously were still somewhere in my heart and memories. Rest in Peace Diangello M. Smith !
Hey man, todays your birthday. You may not be here physically, but you are spiritually. We miss you so much everyday. Keep looking down and keeping watch on your mom. Love you brother. Don't party too hard up there!
I love you sooo much.  We all went to Westminster today just for you.  I know you were there in spirit.   Happy Birthday baby!
D I just seen you man gonna miss you my dude you gonna be missed a lot know that
I did not know Diangello but I do know God and his Aunt Cheryl Smith.  Judging from Deangello's pictures/conversation with Cheryl he was a happy young man.  My prayers go up for the family may God lighten their hearts.  Deangello we thank you for the short visit but very spirited!  Gone too soon!   Bruce E Howard, USAF, Retired SMSgt 26.5 yrs.  Rest in Peace!
I know it's been forever since I have seen or talked w/you...Probably since you were 3 or 4 yrs old to be exact...All of the moments that I spent w/you in the 2-3 yrs we were around each other are forever memories that will always be a part of me.  I am so glad to see that you turned out to be such a great young man that this world lost way too soon.  You will always be "little DiDi" to me
Oh Diangello!!!! Still seems like I see the little boy who was inqusitive, articulate, a prankster, and energetic. You grew to be quite the young man, just as I knew you would be. I know you're standing right beside your mom, grandma, sisters, and uncle, and everyone else whose lives you affected; as a wonderful guardian angel whose smile is lighting up heaven just the way it did on earth.
Diangello, you were always one of the most respecful young men that was friends with my son. I will never forget how you always addressed me with a yes maam or no maam, very well mannered young man. May the Lord in Heaven let your soul rest peacefully in his loving arms. My prayers to your family.
Tomeka miss your smiling an laugh "miss Linda could u started this. ib for me" Be strong as you are an take care of your. grils. Love u. It is in Gods hands
Guy, it's crazy how your gone. We didn't talk much but when we did we always said the same little corny joke about us having the same first name.  Man it's a honor to share the same name and have served in our airforce together. You're in a better place now. You beat us all to the other side, see you soon.
What an amazing young man!  I'll always remember his incredible smile and beautiful singing voice.  I feel blessed to have known Diangello.  He shared his many talents at Westminster for many years.  God received an extra special angel.
My heart is so heavy right now. God has certainly gained another angel in heaven.  Diangello you are in a better place, serving a much higher purpose.  You were raised by one of the strongest/most amazing women I have EVER known, and I know you will continue to watch over her, as well as the rest of your family/friends.  Truly, gone too soon.
D ... Dude we haven't spoken in a few months . But I'll never forget all those times we had . You are a great person with a personality that I know heaven has welcomed .. I just can't believe you're gone ... Rest in peace !
When I close my eyes the memories of you roll through mind like a movie on the big screen at the theatre. I see you in your morther's arm, hanging onto your grandmother's leg, gazing into your uncle's eyes with adoration, &amp; teasing your sisters causing them to chase you through the house, shouting Dee! I cherish those memories. Now you're laughing with the Angels. Aunt Cheryl
Diangello, never had the pleasure to meet you son, but I heard so many wonderful things about you from your mother when we were in nursing school, your mother, who loves dearly will be missing you everyday. You will be missed, that's a fact, you left your mother too soon, but I guess that's Gods strange ways to take his people. May God be with you
Over the years so many young people have come into my life and left lasting impressions. Diangello, your smile, loving heart and constant happiness and laughter have stamped my heart with a permanent smile that I will carry with me forever.  You were taken from us way too early but I know you are with Jesus, laughing and having a good time watching over us.  Your smile is everlasting now!
Diangello, i don't even know where to start. you were always such a great friend and had great advice. i wish we kept better touch these past few years. but i know you are doing great things and are in a better place. you will be terribly missed.
I didn't know you, but I knew of you. I remember seeing you around school. Praying for the family. R.I.P
I'm truly shocked and saddened by the passing of Diangello.  It's so frustrating to know that such an amazing person is now gone, and won't be able to provide the many smiles we came to love.  As a teacher and a coach, Diangello was an absolute pleasure to be around, always upbeat, always smiling, and always making us laugh.  My condolences to the family. I'm thankful to have met your son.
Diangello, You came into our lives and quickly go.  You stayed for a while, leave footprints on our hearts, and we are never, the same. Farewell, my family son, fare thee well! Goodbyes are not forever.  Goodbyes are not the end. They simply mean we'll miss you Until we meet again!
Samuel ( June Best ) and I didn't know you but we know your Grandmother Gloria may u forever rest in peace
I remember when your mom was pregnant with you. You were blessed to be born into a great family. I pray for your mom, grandmother, sisters and uncle. May you rest in peace. To my Smith family, I love you.
I remember that big smile of yours. You would come to youth group with that smile of yours and it would change whatever mood I was in. What a gift God gave me when he put you in our lives. I will always remember the hugs you gave no matter where you saw us at.  So proud of the things you accomplished. Will remember you forever. Now you have a new adventure ahead. Mike and Christy Board
Diangello man, you will be missed. you used to alway encourage me before a track meet. You will be missed man!!!
One of the greatest things about teaching is that I get the chance to meet so many beautiful souls and share special memories in their  young lives. However, one of the most painful things is to see that young life gone too soon. I feel like a mother whose lost her son. Ms Tomeka Smith, we are here for you and your daughters. Us and God!
Diangello, we have known eachother way longer than I can remember.  Although I had not seen you in years, I still consider you my family. I was so happy to find you joined the greatest military branch ;-) This news saddens me. Ms Gloria and Tomeka, I haven't stopped thinking of ya'll since my mom told me what happened. Please know your family is in my prayers.
As ponder upon “D” and what stands out as a warmhearted memory, I would say the initial time I saw him running around the house with only a pamper on with no care in the world and the center of attention. My second thought is fast forwarded to the time he was a young adult.  At this time, the several conversation topics I don’t recall but his polite mannerism reflected his character.
D brah never expected something like this man. We always talked about finally boxing in the daylight because every time we wanted to it was dark with car headlights only giving us light could never see each others hands. All in all you were a cool dude and I know your in a better place and we'll see you soon."
Diangello I am going to miss you.  This has been one of the hardest things I had to deal with in this lifetime. I cannot stop crying.  I remember you as a little boy, with the cutest dimples one could ever imagine.  I remember our last conversation of you coming to California, you would have loved it here.  My heart is broken to know you are no longer here. RIP, Love Aunt Paulie
Hey DiDi. It's been a long time..about 6 years now since we last spoke. Our last time speaking wasnt on good terms, we were actually breaking up, smh. I'm sorry I wasn't a good friend afterwards and never spoke. You will always have a special spot in my heart, I know you're in a better place, with God. Praying for your sisters, mom an Gma.
D I have known you since elementary school. You always had a beautiful smile and you made everyone's day with your humor. You're one of my husband'a best friends and a dear friend of mine. We love and miss you and you will always be in our hearts. I still can't believe this happened but you're away from all the troubles of this world. We will see that beautiful smile again one day.
To my one and only grandson.  I never gave up on you.  I will always love you with all my heart and soul.  You told me that you was never going to leave me. So I know now that we will meet again up in heaven.  That angel that I prayed to be with you over the years is right beside you now.  So just smile, you're so beautiful when you smile.  I love you grandson.  You are my shining star.
Diangello, you have always been my big brother since day one. You gave me the best advice and my marriage was rescued because of you. It hurt to figure out that you are no longer with us. You were an angel in disguise and I will always think that you are an angel in disguise. You are one in a million. I love you, RIP, little sister Brittini. Your nephew loves you!
wassup Dee u was a good friend u was more them that u was a brother youu help me out alot and I'll never forget that losing was a shock and it still is but I know we will meet again I love u bro rest in paradise gone but not forgotten
D man this really doesnt seem real...... like I just seen you Saturday when I was cleanin out my car. You pulled up on me riding your motorcycle. You were so happy that you had it that you were talkin about getting a bike club started.... Me and ant had saw u sunday riding with a guy on a blue motorcycle and I was like my boy gotta bike and now I jus found out you are gone... we miss you
I don't know how to do this.  You are my first born. And we grew up together.  You and your sisters are the BEST part of me .  You will always have a piece of my heart and soul.  I know that God has plans for you and that you are not alone.  I feel you next to me.  I know that you may not be here in the physical sense, but you will ALWAYS be wrapped around my heart.  I love you son.
We haven't spoken in years, but we have lots of memories! You and I were Number 1 &amp; 2 back in high school playing Varsity Tennis at DBHS. You and I were a great team and I cannot believe this has happened. My condolences go out to your family. Maybe heaven has a tennis court? If so, go practice that serve haha! Rest In Peace, my friend.
Wow, where to begin. You were best big brother a little sister could ask for. I still remember when we would sing Michael Jackson all around the house together. You encouraged me to do a lot of things in life. Just like I would encourage you to get back up. Now that you're above me and watching over me help me continue to make you, mommy, and grandma proud of me okay.. I love you DiDi...
Diangello, you were a close friend to me. Pretty much family.. I cant believe your gone man. It seems like yesterday we were just talking and joking around. But, God has a plan for you. And we will all see you one day again. I love you man &amp; miss you. I know your up there keeping an eye on us.
D..we gon miss u here bruh..u were such an enthusiastic person and u strived for greatness no matter what..I hate to see u go bruh but u in a much better place..much love brutha..Rest in Paradise..
Mr. Diangello Marquiese Smith, 22, of Fayetteville, N.C. died at Cape Fear Valley Hospital, Fayetteville, NC, Monday, Oct 7, 2013. Funeral services will be 2:30 p.m. Sunday, October 13, 2013 at Westminster Presbyterian Church 2505 Village Dr, Fayetteville, N.C. Reverend Richard McDuffie will be officiating. Visitation will be 1:30p.m.- 2:30p.m, one hour prior to service. Interment will be the LaFa
his is 2016 and u will be gone 4 years on nov 6 i miss you and love you and u know ur gone but never will be forgotten you will always live in our hearts you can eat a piece of cake for your brother wayne and ur sister rosemary moms birthday is the 10th  waynes is the 6 mom is there with you and wayne is here and i know he misses you i love you aunt Linda
AUNT LINDA  I MISS YOU SO MUCH WISH YOU WERE HERE BUT I KNOW UR IN A BETTER PLACE AND IN NO MORE PAIN I LOVE YOU
oh linda my sister inlaw, we been through alot together , and you been ever so much more than an sister in law , I love you and your missed so much , i have a pic of you and i setten together in that big blue chair . sis, we miss you . Dawn Lyle, Bailey .
AUNT LINDA YOU HAVE BEEN GONE 3 YEARS AND I MISS YOU EVERY DAY  I LOVE YOU   AND I WAS GLAD TO CALL  YOU MY AUNT  R.I.P
LINDA  THIS IS BARB I WISH YOU WERE HERE I MISS YOU AND EVERYONE THAT IS IN HEAVEN I WILL NEVER FORGET YOU I LOVE YOU I KNOW WE HAD OUR UPS AND DOWNS BUT WE STOOD TOGETHER  THUR THICK AND THIN AND IM SO BLESS THAT I GOT TO  SEE YOU BEFORE U LEFT  THIS CRUEL WORLD  BUT I WILL KEEP MY FAITH. LOVE YOU AUNT LINDA GIVE MOM A HUG AND ALL THE FAMILIY MEMBERS UP THERE WITH YOU
Happy Birthday aunt Linda we remember this day of your birth and Linda we miss you so much  I love you  your gone but never forgotten
TODAY IS 1 YEAR THAT YOU WENT HOME TO BE HOME WITH OUR LORD LINDA I THINK ABOUT YOU EVERYDAY AND I MISS YOU  AND ON SATURDAY THERE WILL BE A DINNER IN UR HONOR  AND TO REMEMBER YOU I KNOW YOU WILL BE  PLEASE THAT THEFAMILY WILL BE TOGETHER  AND TO  REMEMBER YOU AND WHAT YOU MET TO US LOVE YOU LINDA
WELL THE DAY IS ALMOST HERE THAT WE HAVE A SERVICE FOR  YOU I LOVE  AND MISS YOU SO MUCH YOUR GONE BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN IN OUR HEARTS
here will be a Memorial dinner for Linda on NOV 9  2013 at 578 S Metcalf LIMA OHIO  it will be one year since Linda went home we never got to say goodbye so in honor of Linda we will have a dinner music food and a tribute to Linda SMITH
Linda WAS MY AUNT  I LOVED HER VERY MUCH AND MISS HER she loved Elivis Presley Music and anything to do with him she had, she was a loving mother and a loving sister she was taken way too soon but I thank GOD THAT I KNEW HER AND SHE WAS PART OF MY FAMILY LINDA YOU ARE MISSED BY MANY I KNOW YOUR UP N HEAVEN WITH YOUR MOTHER DAD AND  YOUR BROTHERS AND SISTERS
My one and only Father Today I lie here thinking of you,  trying to stop the tears that made me feel so blue.  I am looking forward to see you in the earth made new, Hence I am making every effort to remain faithful and true. I visited the graves of mom, Rita, grandma and  yours Then I sat in your bed and the tears came like showers The pain of loosing you all feel so unbearable And I choked on my knees in prayer,  asking to make these losses endurable.  Life is not the same without you here I loved you deeply and would freely show it without fear I missed talking , sharing and most importantly soliciting your advice Which you always gave with love and wisdom, leaving me no doubt for having to think twice. If I had the choice of giving up some of my happiness to keep you alive I wouldnt hesitate to do so in less than five Since you've been gone , I am never 100%  happy Because loving and taking care of you daily has brought me true happiness.  I no longer wonder why the pain from my heart transform s into tears  And burdens seemed more than I can bear Just knowing that My God is always near To see and understand the meaning of all these falling tears Has brought me comfort and erased my fears. Dad on this your 85th birthday On this very cold day, you are the only sun Ray That creeps through my window and find me huddled under my sheet Wallowing in tears and self pity, missing your love so sweet. I love you now and always will And I often envisioned us meeting when this earth stood still There is so much I have to tell and show you it will be hours of conversation between us two. Continue to take your rest dearest Dad I lways thought if you die I would go mad But the love of God is greater than my mind can comprehend And with cheering christian hope I anticipate the end. You are my sunshine when skies are grey! I miss you endlessly.
Dad, Today is your birthday And there is so much I have to say I often called out your name Then painfully  realized, you are no longer in the game. You left me without even saying goodbye only God knows why!! You were my best friend and you know it Now I am left with memories and tears to show it I missed you so much that my  entire body hurts Because you were the only constant in my life since birth. You are in my thoughts every waking moment And even in my dreams I sometimes cried until I am soaken I am trying to live a life that is pure and true And look forward to seeing you in the earth made new. Sleep on my true love you are my guiding angel above.
Uncle Venty  Death is nothing at all , it does not count. You have only slipped away into the next room. Nothing has happened. Everything remains exactly as it was...... Life means all that it ever meant It is the same as it ever was There is absolute and unbroken continuity. What is this death but a negligible accident? Why should you be out of mind because you are out of sight? All is well. Nothing is hurt; nothing is lost. One brief moment and all will be as it was before. How we shall laugh at the trouble of parting when we meet again.  Adopted from Henry Scott-Holland
Sleep on Tuss. Sleep &amp; take your rest. Forever loved &amp; missed
It seem like yesterday we spoke and laugh about you eating up. It never occurred to me that today I would be sending you a tribute on forever.com. However, though I miss you, and sometimes get a little sad, I am glad you knew God , because in my time of grieving I am assured that: I will see you again, and  God is still in control. I know you cannot hear me or see any of these tributes but I will still say, sleep on until we meet again. Adopted daughter, Nadeen
Uncle Venty, just a little more than one year since you decided that you will be returning to your maker and king. We all know that you are just gone a little before us, you are resting in the arms of the maker and king, you are comfortable so we are happy As we remember your kindness and the many wise words that you left with us it brings joy to our soul.You are missed by all of us, continue resting in peace. We love you !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dad, one year has pass since you've been gone...... it somehow does'nt seem that long. You are always in my thoughts and prayers. I pray that we will one day all be together again...... you, mom (aunt vass) Tony, Rita, Grandma and pa, Auntie Grace and all our loved ones who are now in the arms of God. I miss you Dad and love you always!!!!
Hey Dad, I thought of you today, but that is nothing new. Everyday there are little instances and circumstances that remind me of you and that's when its hard to remember that you are not here, you are not even a phone call away but I still talk to you. I miss you and wish you were here. Luv u Always!!!!
Happy 82nd Birthday Dad!!! Hope you are celebrating your 1st birthday in Heaven with all your loved ones who had gone before you. You are surely missed, but memories of you will always be with us. We will always love you!!!!
Wow! Today Paps would've been 82. Our family had the joyous opportunity to celebrate with him, his 81st birthday last year with Sandra &amp; family, other families &amp; friends. We sang, prayed, ate &amp; had good laughs. It was a wonderful evening! I'll never forget his tears that evening. Who would've known that would've been the last b/day celebration. So glad we shared that moment. What a lasting memory for those present that evening. Today can be our last day on this earth, let us Live! Love! &amp; Laugh. Blessings.
It was like any other Monday evening on September 30, 2013 at about 3:30 pm when I got home from work. I shouted to dad the minute I opened the door and he came, laughing at me because I was all bundled up.  We started our usual chatter and continued upstairs after he reported on his meals intake for the day. We talked and laughed about every thing until my stomach was cramped. I told him to stop giving me jokes and allow me to sleep for 2 hours after which I would fixed him dinner and go to my 7pm appointment at the hospital.  Before I fell asleep Dad came running in and out of my room so I asked what he was doing and he proudly showed me how he exercised indoors on the days when its too cold  for him to take his walks around the block. He was very happy and seem to be laughing non-stop, so I told him he laughed too much. He asked me if I wanted him to cry but before I could answer he pretended to be crying, that made me laughed and I then dozed off. Dad woke me to tell me he wanted his dinner so I hurriedly jumped out of bed and prepared what he asked for. Then I noticed that Dad had requested a lot more than his usual morsel and tea. He ate it all, Hutchy came, and Dad left the table to go and chat with him. I got dressed, tell him how proud I am that he is eating more and putting on weight, gave him last touch at the back of his head and ran though the dooor and asked him to lock it behind me. I left for my appointment.That was it!  Less than 2 hours later he was in the hospital struggling to breathe and fighting to stay alive. Oh God! If only I knew that would be our last conversation, our last play, his last meal, Seriously I have no idea what I would do.  He was My Dad, Mother, Brother, Best friend, Soul Mate, The one who knows me best and loved me most. He didnt even tell me goodby on October 2, 2013. he just went to sleep. This Void can NEVER be filled. I missed him so much that my heart and stomach hurts constantly. He was a large and integral part of my life. Loving him was easy. Letting go is difficult,  Moving on seemed impossible without God. Thank you Dad for a great life. You are my role model and the epitomy of love, warmth, caring, sharing.  All that I am and ever hope to be, I owe it to you.  You will live in my heart forever and I cherish your laughter through my tears. I Love you lots but God Loves you more so rest peacefully until then.
God blessed us to see each other earlier this year after being separated for 14 years.  Your gentle spirit, big heart and love for your family will be remembered forever.  It was a privilege and an honour to call your my granddad.  Rest on until our Saviour makes His appearance. Love you always.
Uncle Venty Had touched my life in a very special way many years ago.  He taught me that, as a father, it is a beautiful thing to have fun and play with his children. This created an indelible bond with his family.  May this example lives on forever...
Dearest Uncle Venti you will be sadly missed by Sandra, Ivy Smith Garey and family, we can't forget that smile and those eyes. Even though we were expecting you to visit us in Pickering, ON, while you were visiting Canada. We were sadden by the telephone call we received that you had passed.  Obviously the Lord was calling you home.  See you in the Morning
Praying for all the family and friends as we celebrate and say goodbye for now. It is not final. Death is swallowed up in victory! Paps is dancing with Jesus and encouraging us to run the race with patience so we can join him. Rest sweetly in Jesus my dear, Mr Smith!
You are no longer here with us on earth but you will forever live in our hearts.  Rest in peace Uncle Venty!! Sherona aka Blackie
Mass Venty, you will be missed by all Warsopians.  I feel honored to have known you, you will never be forgotten.  You are gone home now guided by your faith and by the light of those you have loved and lost.  I will always remember that smile, it seem like it light up the whole of Warsop.  My condolences to San San, Patrick, Gem and all the Smith family.  RIP Mass Venty.
Uncle Venty, I am honored to have met you who in a short time became the father I never had. I am so grateful for the advice and  encouragement  that you gave and for the precious moments you spent walking me up the isle as a proud father would his own daughter. I am eternally thankful to you, my give-away-father. I will never forget you. Sleep well, I'll see you in the morning.
We are so glad we had the pleasure to have known "Paps" as we called him. Holness family thanks for letting us share in the beautiful memories especially his 81st birthday celebration in January 2013. We can't believe 9/28th &amp; 9/29th when we said hello to Paps was our last. What a lasting smile that's vivid in our minds. We miss you Paps! Much Love.The Bullock Family
Mass Ventie, Uncle Ventie was an avid truck driver who owned and operate several trucks in the parish of Trelawny.He was everybody friend very frank and generous, oh so pleasant with an infectious laughter always bore a pleasant smile on approach. A dedicated family man who will be greatly missed. We love you but Jesus love you more. May you soul rest in peace
Was there another (UNCLE VENTY) in Warsop,. I don't think so uncle Venty makes you laugh even on your worst day. To the family When the Lord calls our loved ones home, he leaves a gift of memories in exchange, REST IN PEACE!!!
It is difficult to think of Uncle Venty and not break into a smile. He had this very calming, no nonsense disposition that if misinterpreted, could appear quite intimidating. Yet, he was one of the funniest, sweetest, most caring person you could meet.  I thank his children, for affording me the privilege of knowing such a wonderful man.
Uncle Venty, as we all call him, was a kind, loving and God fearing man.  Always smiling, he has touch many lives, and he will not be forgotten.  He will be greatly missed.  May his soul rest in peace.
And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain for the former things are passed away: Rev 21 vs 4 RIP Uncle Venty.
Dear Grandpa, we will miss you!.We did'nt get to see you much but we enjoyed talking with you whenever we could. You were the best grandpa and we will always LOVE you! Rest in Peace Grandpa.
Uncle Venty, I will always remember your smile and your kindness. It was a privilege to have met you. So good night, take your rest. We will see you on that great getting up morning.
Uncle Venty, apart from my father you are the most loving and giving father i have ever know.  I cherrish those times i spent in your home some holidays, you treat me just like your own and i will never forget how warm your home was. Rest my father and we will see each other again soon. Love Jeana!
Uncle Venny, u will greatly miss ,rest in peace.  From jackie and family.
Dad, the older I get the more I understand the things you try so heard to teach me you could read me like a book.You didn't say much, you just gave me that look. YOU are my hero! You stood up for me/by me. YOU taught me how to care  for my family, to love and care for those around us and to help others and look for nothing in return.My life will not be the same again.See u in the morn.RIP
Uncle Venty ( Grand Uncle)  "..... I cried when I heard you passed, I was sad we didn't see each other in a while. I remember every Saturday when you use to bring us to church. you will be dearly missed, but  your in an better place now with the one u love. I will always love you!!
On behalf of the Rowe family from New road and warsop and also the McLeish family from Wilson Valley we extend our deepest sympathy to Smith family.  Mas Venty is gone but truly not forgotten. Be blessed our prayers go out for you guys that God may strengthen you in your  time of grief.
Uncle Venty, God promises to restore our earth to a paradise and he yearns to bring back to life on earth those who have died You can look forward to the day when you can hold and embrace your loved one again, you will be missed, may your soul rest in peace.
Uncle Venty, I know seated with the "Father" you will put a smile on his face beacuse you are always in a jovial mood. Gone for our sight but forever in our hearts- Keisha Rohan &amp; Family. Rest in peace you have served your family well.....
Uncle Venty, You was a inspirational man to us all, You was a caring man and a wonderful father always giving and willing to help others.At times it seem like you never had a problem in the world because you was always smiling , laughing r poking jokes at someone. You'r gone but definitely won't be forgotten . You'r memories will forever lives on. R.I.P  now u can reunited with aunt" vass
Uncle Venty, You are a loving and kind person but most of all you are GOD fearing. You will always be remembered by me and everyone who have knew you. R.I.P.
Uncle Venty (Grand Uncle). I don't even know where to start. You treated me like I was your own daughter. I remember all the time you take me to church and always messing with me. Words can't describe how much I will miss you. I love you and I know your in a better place right now.
I called you Dad, because of your daughter Sandra. I will always remember your laugh, and kindness. You  will always be in my heart. I can no longer hear your voice,nbut I am comforted in knowing that Christians never die, they only say  goodbye. Sleep well Dad, take your rest, we will meet you in the morning.
Dear Grandpa, you were always a deligent man. One of my most infleuntial memories of you was when I was in grade 6 and I was told to clean my shoes. I remember doing it unwillingnly and sloppily, you took me aside and told me “ do it to the best of your ability or dont do it at all.” Even with something so small, you always took your time to do it with love and care. Rest in Peace Grandpa.
Uncle Venty, we are overwhelmed by your passing. You left an ineffaceable mark on us because of your charisma, kindness, sense of humor, dedication to God, your family and the community. You were the ‘Ambassador’ for Southern Trelawny! Memories of you will forever be etched in our hearts. We will cherish those memories as you cherished us all. Rest in peace! With great sympathy, The Gagers
When I was growing up you were the best example of what a family and a husband should be. I still remember how you were forever joking and laughing with Aunt Vas. I still smile when I look back on these days. You always welcomed my sister and I into your home with your wonderful smile and kind words. May you rest in peace. You will be greatly MISSED. Diane, Paul, Ariana, mikhaila and Merl
Uncle Ventie you were easily the coolest elderly man I have ever met. You had a Very warm and pleasant personality.  Rest in peace uncle Ventie !
I met you briefly on that Sabbath day, for the short time I met you, I   noticed your eyes. I commented that they were beautiful. You smiled, it was a genuine smile.  I said goodbye to you that day, not knowing that it was the last. I will remember you for the spark in your eyes and your big smile. Hope to see that smile again. See you in the morning.
Mass Venty was a great man. He was a blessing to the community gave us a ride to school in his truck without looking for any reward. Great Friend We will always remember him. Rest In Peace  - Carol &amp; Clive Campbell
Gem &amp; family.  Regrets about the lost of your dad.  God gave him a full life and that merrits thanks to God.  May all the good memories sustain you and yours through this difficult time.  Take care of yourself. Ingrid Grant
There are a few people that I am acquainted with that I can truly say have made an indelible impact in my life and UNCLE Venty is one of them. I haven't met another who so warmly embraced my sister and I and treated us like his own children. Man of INTEGRITY, man of HONOR.  God saw you needed your rest and you answered Him. Will always love you, and will smile because yours was infectious.
Dear Uncle Venty, My earliest memories are of my cousins and me running between your house and Dada's. Thank you for the love and care you have always shown. There will forever be an empty place in my life. Sleep on my dear uncle, sleep on and take your rest we love you but Jesus loves you best, so we wait until that day when we will meet again. Goodbye uncle Venty.
REst in peace Uncle Ventie, you were a true family friend.
Uncle Venty your passing  leaves a heartache no one can heal, and your  love leaves a memory no one can steal. No one will ever truly understand the impact you had on my life. Although it's difficult today to see beyond the sorrow may looking back in memory provide comfort  for tomorrow. Love you and will miss you.
My Dad was the Dad of all Dads. First he made me, then he raised me and most importantly he loved me with an everlasting love. His life was a well preached sermon that impacted lives of all ages. He epitomizes the art of loving, caring, sharing and smiling. He Rocks my world both in life and death and my life will never be the same without him. He will live forever in my heart. I adore him
Uncle Venty was a great community man, I admired and respected him. A passionate SDA and a committed comrade, I have embraced those attributes and will do so until death in his honour. I share great friendship with his children, one of my mentor in 1986 Tony Blacks encouraged me to be educated and return to be the political representative, if he was still with us...... Sleep well Tuss
I love u baby I miss u so much
D.O.G.
Robert was the love of my life and always will be.  Robert was a wonderful husband, father, and friend.  Robert's smile and energy would light up a empty room! He was one of a kind, special, gifted and chosen.  Robert never hesitated to help or love anyone AS LONG AS THEY HELPED THEMSELF AND HAD BUSINESS ABOUT THIER SELF!!!!     LIFE IS SO DIFFERENT WITHOUT YOU , TILL WE MEET AGAIN MY LOVE
Happy birthday mom. Wow you would have been 64 today. It seems so unfair to lose you so early. There isn't a day that passes that I don't think about you or miss you. I really miss having you to talk to, you were my voice of reason.  Forever in my heart xo
Wow I can't believe it's been 4 years. It really doesn't seem like it's been that long but at the same time it feels like I haven't been able to talk to you in so long. I have so much I wish I could talk to you about.  I really miss you and talking to you, you were the only one who was completely honest and wasn't afraid to say it like it is. Sometimes I just wish I could hear you say " smarten up Tracy"
I wish I had the chance to meet you..I would tell you what an amazing family you have (not like you didn't already know that) The way your babies are there for each other.Their morals and values they have cause of you.I am truly grateful for your baby girl she is a true blessing in our lives.As Isaac's other grandmother I will remind him of his special angel in heaven who is watching over him and give him extra Grandma hugs and kisses from the both of us.
Happy Birthday Mom xo I miss you so much, we all do.
Xo
I can't believe it has been 2 years already. It still hurts like it was yesterday. I miss you so much, it's been really hard lately making all these plans without you. Everyone keeps saying you will be there but that's only for comfort. It's just not the same. I love you mom xo forever in my heart ♡
hinking of you on this birth date of yours
I really miss you.
R.I.P
It has been 4 months today since you have left us and it doesn't hurt any less :'(  not a day goes by that I don't think of you. I miss you so much and have so much I wish I could talk to you about. Thinking of you always xo forever in our hearts.
Till we meet again
Patty, I am proud to have met you and to have been able to share those funny times at your place with michelle. You always made me laugh and opened your arms to my son and I. Thank You so much for allowing us into your life. I will always remember the great swimming days... Cheers my friend!! You better have a cold one up there waiting for me! :)
Fair well my dear friend you will always be in my heart and mind and will be missed always and you were like a sister to me
Another year has come and gone without here , I sure do miss our talks and our fun memories going on the trails, going on fun outings and listening to music &lt;3 Julie and I think of you every time we see the color purple,fancy shades ,and purses &lt;3.We miss and Love you so much!
Happy Birthday sweet lady. I think of you all the time but especially when I see something sparkly. I'll cherish every memory we made together. I love and miss you so much. Trina
I have not said much about her passing in the 5 years since my mom’s death. And the time has flown by.  I will just say that I miss her a lot. I am grateful she was in my life and that there are others in my life who remind me of her in important ways. Special thanks to Peter Aiello, who was and is a great friend to her and her family.
Hi Dale.   Signing in on your birthday to let everyone know that you have not been forgotten.  Your Friend while you were here on Earth &amp; in the After Life after God calls me home.   Peter Aiello
Dear Dale, Another year has passed, and just like the past 3 years since your passing, I continue to recall memories of the moments we shared while you where here in this dimension.  Although your light has faded, my memories of you never will.  I remember each of them as if they were just the other day.  I know that you are in a better place free from any unhappiness, tears pains or suffering.  I hope to see you in this other dimension called Heaven some day.  Till then, enjoy your new home my dear friend.
I can't believe it's been 3 years since you left us.  I feel you with me at times, and I know it's you.  Our relationship was a fragmented but love always brought us back together.  Love is a very powerful thing and you showed the world that.  It's not fair death is what it took to take your suffering but I find peace in reading everyone's comments on what a wonderful spirit you were through it all.  I miss you and wish we had had more time together to fill in each other's holes in our hearts from being torn apart.  Love you always....
Dear Lolly.  You have not been forgotten.  I look back at the happy times we had together. I know you have joined your Mom and Bayo and are free of pain and are at peace.
Happy Birthday my dear friend. Oh how much I miss you and wish you were here to celebrate your special day. I loved you and your beautiful smile so much. I miss seeing you get all dolled up and going out to dinner with me.  I miss your precious laugh. I think about you all the time. Everytime I see something pretty, purple or with sparkling glitter.  Brandi and Tyler miss you too. Thank God we took lots of pictures because those are my precious memories to remind me how much fun we had. I love and miss you so much Dale. Lol.  I can only wait until the time comes when we reunite. I love you pretty lady
Thinking of Dale and sending my love to her three children.
I want to say hello to my friend Dale and also to her family members and friends thru this online memorial.  As it is written in The Bible, our lives or but vapors: we are here one moment and gone the next.  Our dear friend Dale's life ended too soon, but it is not ourselves, but our Lord who determines the length of our years.  As I get older, I see how fleeting time is:   the hours, days, weeks, months and years of our life seem to pass by so rapidly.  It won't be long before we enter into the next dimension.  This is why I hope that  all those who read my tribute to Dale know the importance of accepting Jesus as your savior, truly repenting for your sins and submitting your lives to our Father in Heaven who has created all of us and brought us all together in this particular point in time.  I know Dale was saved, so I am happy to say that I can confidently say that I know that she is now in Heaven with our Father in a joyful state which is beyond our earthly comprehension.  I know Dale would want me to share this message with all of you, for, as myself, she knew the importance of not only knowing the truth and good news which our dear &amp; loving Father gave up His son, Jesus' so that, we can escape the death of sin and have everlasting life, but Dale also Knew the importance of sharing this this truth and message of hope  with others, who have not been saved yet and are lost,  which is the duty of all Christians who have chosen eternal Life thru Jesus and to have their names written in God's Book of Life.  If you want to join our dear friend Dale in Heaven after you leave this dimension, please do not delay another moment accepting Jesus as your savior, asking Him to come into your heart, repenting for all of your past, present and future sins and doing your best to live a life that is pleasing to our Father &amp; which does not grieve Him in any way for none of us is guaranteed tomorrow let alone our next breath.  My friend, do not delay, for once you enter into the next dimension, you will no longer be able to accept Jesus as your savior as the Holy Bible warns.  If this happens, you will not only not be able to see our dear friend Dale again, but you will be condemned to an eternity of unfathomable pain and suffering in Hell. Do not worry if the size of your faith in The Trinity (God, His son Jesus and the Holy Spirit) is comparable to that of a mustard seed, for it is written in The Bible, (God's inspired Words, given by God Himself thru the writings of man) that our merciful, loving and all forgiving father will accept whatever size faith you come to Him with, so long as you just come to Him and tell him that you accept Him as your savior while you are still alive my friend.  May God guide all who read my tribute to Dale back home to Our Father in Heaven in Jesus name I pray.  Amen
On this day, I remember the birthday parties we had.  Lolly your birthday was the day before mine and a week after Uhuru's.  We use to have a great time celebrating all three together.  I miss those happy times we had together.
Its hard to believe that you left us to be with the Lord 1 yr ago..I miss you and think of you all the time..i remember all our fun times we had together and we shared alot of memories..until we meet again my dear friend!! XXOO
My Dale, It's been a year since you left us but feels like the other day. I'm so glad I met you and shared some wonderful times with you! I miss that big beautiful smile and your bubbly spirit! I'm sure your having a great time in heaven and I know we will eventually reunite. I'm sure you were happy to reunite with your mom and live on happily ever after! I love you so much. kiss kiss &lt;3
I remember Dale from Adam's graduation from Oberlin. It was raining cats and dogs so Dale and the rest of us wrapped up in giant plastic garbage bags to protect us from the deluge.  She was cheerful and strong, as it seems she was much of her life.  Uhuru, you embraced her so beautifully in her last years.  She loved both of you very much
I will always remember all of our fun  times we had together,having our drinks, munching and dancing to the music we both enjoyed.we became real close and had alot in common.we joked and laughed and always made sure you had your make up and perfume on and always had that big beautiful smile that would brighten up the room.you knew how to carry a conversation and make friends quickly.miss u
Knowledge of one's spirit may be as binding as fellowship with the person. I feel as though I "know" her because of some of the good that God placed in her will be found in you, through the work of your hands. May her spirit soar !
I will never forget that beautiful smile of yours. You were very much like family to me. I love how much we had in common. Both passionate about music and art. And of course everyone knows about how much you loved getting dolled up. I will forever admire your strength. You have taught me so much over the time I've spent with you. I love and miss you! &lt;3
When Dale became engaged to my brother, I got to know her mostly through 1960's long distance methods. I learned that many folks called her Lolly. As we got to love each other, I came to call her Lollipop. They honeymooned in California where I was then living and the next year we traveled in Europe together and had many delightful adventures. I cherish my closeness to her children.
My dear sweet friend Dale.  Your cross was big, but your heart and courage was bigger.  Although it would have been much easier, &amp; certainly understandable for you to have just given up and become very bitter about the hard circumstances which life dealt you, your spirit was too strong &amp; your nature too selfless for that.  I'm both honored and grateful to have known you &amp; been your friend.
I can't find the words to express over 30 years of memories that have bcome a part of my life.  For many years we talked everyday, I remember when the days were dark for me, how she called everyday to see if I was alright.  I remember how she shared her love for Adam and Uhuru with me and kept me  informed of the various events in her children's lives.  Dale's life was a blessing I enjoyed
It's hard to find the words to express over 30 years of memories i have of the friendship and love Dale and I shared. Our lives were interwined in many ways.  I feel blessed that she was a part of my life and now is part of memories.
It is beautiful to see so many loved ones sharing memories of their time spent with Dale. Definitely a loving woman with great strength; who always smiled so brightly when I called her "Rogue," a nickname I gave her for being mischievous. I have to also be thankful to you Dale for giving birth to my best friend, wife and, soulmate Uhuru. You will be missed Dale Smith, until we meet again.
Lolly and I were good friends our first year of high school.  I remember her striking beauty, fine intelligence, but most of all, her kindness.  We lost touch when we were about 21.   I always wondered what had happened to such a great person. I am comforted to know she was surrounded by loving family. Peggy Richek Goldberg
Dale's ability to make me smile and charm those around her will stay with me. Her warmth and creative energy changed the world she lived in. It made it Technicolor. Thank you for sharing this with me, Uhuru.
God looked around His garden, and He found an empty place. And then He look down upon the earth, and saw your tired face. He put His arms around you, and lifted you to rest. God's garden must be beautiful, He always takes the best. (author unknown)
So many remember Dale's smile, I will send a picture of the smile I remember.
I happened upon Lolly's memorial quite by chance. We had not seen one another since high school days but I remember her vibrance , energy, and her smile as if it was yesterday. I only knew her for a brief whisper time . She was quite a memorable person. It sounds like her heart touched many and she will be missed greatly. My thoughts are with you all in your time of loss.
I remember the first time I met Dale (Lolly).  She was a new 9th grader in my math class.  Her bright eyes and radiant smile were matched by  top notch behavior and performance--always prepared to answer questions.  Through Lolly I met and became friends with her Mom, Gram, and stepdad, a lasting friendship. Lolly and I enjoyed good times and stayed friends during the rough ones. Peace!
Dale was a vibrant and loving person. My earliest memories of her were in kindergarten. She had a convertible car and I remember how exciting it was when she put me and Uhuru in the back seat and drove us home from school with the top down. When I think back on it I see images of sunshine, wind in our hair, and Dale smiling from ear to ear. She always had the biggest smile."
Hi everybody. Thank you all for visiting this site. I am very sorry but almost all my photos of my mom are in Bolivia, where they were left during the emergency medical evacuation of her grandson, Isaiah, to Miami Children's Hospital. Isaiah has his grandma to thank for his life. It was in large part her sacrifice that allowed him to live. Mom loved her children and grandchildren so much!
What a sweet, caring and precious soul. So many memories of the good times with Uhuru and Danielle growing up. We are so grateful that God brought our families together. You have touched the lives of many people with a special warmth. We'll never forget your laugh, your sense of humor, and your love of music. Peace, until we're all together again.
Every day we miss your vibrant energy and your beautiful smile
What an amazing person. I will never forget the first day I met you. I walked in your room and was welcomed by your beautiful smile! I gave you a hug and knew right then there will be a connection forever. You were such a loving and caring person. I will never forget all the good times we shared. I will always remember what a strong, poised and glamor girl you were! I love and miss you!
Fluffy would be 21 now!!!  Wow!  Amazing how time flies by.
A rose, because Fluffy liked to eat them  &lt;3
weet and gentle.
Fluffy was so beautiful.  Her spirit lives on in Tarene.
She was blessed to ahve you Pen. God bless you both!! Love your friend, Nik Beat
I hope to find her again, in spirit.
Beautiful in heart and soul, with a beautiful face that everyone was amazed by.  A wonderful companion.
Dad would be 69 today.  We'd probably go out for beer and wings and talk about his latest cabbie adventures.  I miss him, and I think of him often.  He use to enjoy pineapple upside down cake, which I'm sure I only ever ate on his birthday.  I think I'll try to make one today :)  Happy Birthday dad.
Happy Birthday Day. Its been a rough time for everyone since you left this world. I hope you have found peace where you are now. You are missed greatly by all who knew you and loved you.
Remembering you on this day, Dan. I'll never forget our conversations and sharing over so many years - but not enough years. You will always be remembered with love and affection, brother.
Happy Birthday Dad#2!  Taking the kids to Black Hammock today to celebrate you and their fun times with you!  Eating gator bites and enjoying a beautiful day!
Dad, happy birthday.  You'd be 68 today, or 21 with 47 years of experience :)  I do miss you, everyday, but not hearing your voice today was hard.  I hope you are secure with our Lord and that I will see you again someday.  My parting memory for you today is a general one.  Sometimes we would work the yard together and at the end of the day we'd sit on the porch, enjoy a cold Coke, and be satisfied with our work.  Those were good times and good conversation.  Thank you.  Take it easy out there.
Uncle Dan always took time to listen. His input was very appreciated. We all loved him and he made my life better just by being part of it. You will never be forgotten. I Love You!
My Uncle Dan, so sweet and kind, always listened to what I had to say. My whole life he really cared about what was going on with me. I'll miss you and always remember the good times. Save room at the card table for me. Love You Always!!!
Dan, my "little " brother' Some of my fondest memories are when he was a baby. I would carry him where ever I went- mostly to the beach in Atlantic City where I woulld sit on the sand with him and the Girls would flock around, I'll miss him much, but look foreward to see him.again
Dan is one of my most favorite persons.  I've enjoyed his time with us always.  We enjoyed playing cards with him, as he labeled our way of playing pinochle as "cheater pinochle".  We laught many times over that.  He is a great guy, in my book, and will always be.  We will miss you,, Dan         All my love, Doris
Uncle Dan had a big influence on my life, he helped me get hired at the phone co. 30 yrs ago. I'll miss playing golf and fantasy racing with him. We love and miss you always.
Uncle Dan was my favorite uncle (by virtue of seeing him the most). He was truly a very special person in my life. We always had a great time together while fishing, boating, talking or just playing cards. My favorite memory: he would play baseball (pitch &amp; catch) with me when nobody else would (I would pitch wildly and nobody else would catch for me). Miss you, Uncle Dan!
I first met Danny as a 10 year old. He would sit with me and talk. Over the years, after he moved to Florida, we didn't watch him grow up, but after he was married to Susie, we'd spend a week at a time at his house. I remember playing UNO in the kitchen at Apopka. Saw him last when he came to our place in Eustis to see us before we went back north in May. Will forever miss him.
Dan is my "baby" brother. He was Mom's favorite and deservedly so. I remember an incident once when he was 6 or 7 when I injured my fingers badly while working on my car. I went in the house with my hand wrapped in a rag, bleeding heavily and Danny started crying loudly. I told him "I'm the one hurt!", but he just ran and hugged me. I'll miss the phone calls. We love you, Danny!
My mom' Love you forever....love Sue, Al,Monkey, MaryAnne, Maggie,April.
To my best friend, I miss your laughter, jokes, but mostly your smile. Your in my heart forever. Love you so much, miss you dearly.
Peggy Smith was a very sweet and nice lady with such a sweet soul she will be missed . rest in peace .    mary
My Granny was one of the most influential people in my life when I was growing up. I am the woman that I am today, because of her.Her love and support meant the world to me. She was by my side for every minor and major event in my life. I could always count on her to be there for me no matter what. I knew she couldn't stay forever but it's so hard to let her go...
Hey Cole- Thinking of you and your family today. I’ll bet you are so excited and proud of the Foundation your family created in your honor. It’s so beautiful and is going to change so many lives. Send your family a beautiful sunset and give Hailey a hug for me.
Happy Birthday Baby ~ Celebrating your "birth" day without you here never gets easier. I have no doubt you were surrounded by special souls yesterday. I count the moments until we can be together again. I love you Coley ~ "stars, moons and universe".   Mommy xo
Dear Cole, this is the day that I'll always remember as hard as any day I'll ever know. The beauty is life is eternal. This day was the beginning of your new next life. We know you are doing good and great things in your life after earth. We love you, the Lambs
Hi Cole and Happy Birthday from all of the Lambs! We think of you so often, it's a good habit! We know you are watching over your family. You're such a hard worker, keep up the good work!  Love, Marilyn, Scott and kids
Happy B-day Cole! I hope you invited Hailey to your party. (Just make sure you have lots of Lays chips for her!) Also, make sure to send your family a beautiful sunset today. They really miss you. &lt;3
You are loved, Happy Birthday!
Happy Heavenly Birthday Cole!  Cade is rock climbing this week at Nationals and I am sure he will be honoring his awesome brother today as he competes.  He is amazing and is really excelling at his sport. Just like his older brother!
Happy Birthday Cole! I still can't believe you're gone. Every time a Blink 182  song comes on I can't help but think, "To face this on my own, well I guess this is growing up." I still miss you and all the crazy fun we used to have. Can't wait see you again.
Hey Cole-  Just want you to know how much your family misses you.  We'll be there tonight to show them our love and support.  I hope they feel your presence.  (Give Hailey a hug for me.)  &lt;3
Happy birthday kid. Miss you every single day &lt;3
Hi sweety! I hung your stocking last night.  I keep waiting for you to walk in the door from school.....hoping to hear you say "Mommy" or "Puppy".  I wish I would have bought you that sweatshirt you were wanting this summer.  I'm sorry.  I love you ~ Stars  Moons  Universe.  For ETERNITY.
Cole, I think you KNOW how much your family loves you!!!  You were blessed with a wonderful, sensitive, caring, and STRONG family.   They are doing such beautiful things in your honor - I am sure you are very proud of them.  And by the way, thank you for the most amazing sunsets lately.  You will ALWAYS be remembered!
Hi Baby ~ I pray Heaven allows you to read all these beautiful tributes. Your always in my mind every second of the day. I hope you know that. My heart misses you so much. I miss you walking in the door and saying "Mommy", I miss you leaving your Ben and Jerry's on the coffee table, I miss the fishing hooks in the dryer. I miss your beautiful smile that got you out of trouble with me, every time.  I miss you trying to lift me up and carry me....(now Cade does this). I miss worrying about you. I miss your smell.  I miss your friends coming over and hanging out here with you.  I miss every single thing.  I hope you know how very very much I love and adore you.  From the second you took your first breath, until the day I take my last. You will always have my eternal love.
I'll never forget the times riding in your car listening to party in the usa by Miley Cyrus (before she went crazy), you were obsessed with her! So many small, fun memories with you dude. Wish every day that I could have you back here
I remember you would always come and say hello when I was out tanning on my deck. You'd play songs your friends made and talk about surfing and how you could shape me a board for pretty cheap. You always had a goofy smile on your face and kind words to say. Lately I keep seeing people out on the water and catch myself thinking it's you. I know you're there in spirit. Rest easy, miss you
You are incredible cole &amp; I know I told you a million times but I love you very much. Thank you for the precious moments we shared, for those late night talks under the stars, for cuddling for hours, for every sweet kiss, for every warm hug, for every laugh, inside joke and silly moment, for showing me how to love another human being, for making me feel special. I miss you every second xox
Cole used to come over to my house for tutoring. He hated to type on the computer and would beg me to type for him, mostly in an attempt to get me to write the papers for him. I did everything I could to keep him on task. His favorite paper was about his obsession with Hannah Montana. Most of our time was spent talking about his teenage woes! Man, I miss that handsome face!
All my memories are of little bitty Cole. I'd stop by to play with him after school every day (or so it seemed). We spent pretty much all our time outside. Water was involved whenever possible, either little swim pool, or sprinklers, or even just dumping his water out. He wanted to be wet. He was such a cool kid, I only wish I could have known the adult version.
Cole, you were the love of my life, my soulmate, my future, and my everything. I am a wreck without you my love and I would give anything to have you back. You are and will always be my butthead and I had the most passionate, incredibly amazing years of my life being with you. I am the luckiest person to have had you as my forever, my best friend, my Ocean! I know your shredding waiting!
My Dear Sweet Nephew Cole I Love You Always &amp; Forever Your presence in my life made every day special Connecting to Your Joy Heart Wide Open  Love You, Auntie Juju
Dear Cole,  you are in a better place now... One that has continuous great fishing and surfing. We know that you will always be with your loving family in spirit. I promise to do what I can to comfort your sweet mom. Rest easy. You will be remembered with love.
I will never forget one day at church when Cole and Steve came into a Sunday School class I was in.  They had just been together at the temple.  Cole bore a powerful testimony of his knowledge that families can be together forever and of the spirit that he had felt at the temple.  That left a strong impression on me.  Thank you Cole.
Beautiful service today.  The tears, smiles, and funny stories were a testament to how many lives Cole touched.  Kristen and Steve, your limitless love allowed for this young man to be the man he was.
I have had the pleasure of knowing you these past few years, those of which have been the best years of my life. I couldn't be happier to have shared them with such a true friend. I met your wonderful family today and they helped me realize its too hard to mourn your loss when there are too many memories to celebrate, laugh, and smile about. RIP Cole love and miss you man. See you soon &lt;3
I came today to his memorial. I saw his story on FB and my family knew of him.I cried when I heard this news and saw his pic days ago. WHY? many people die each day. My heart ached for days. I looked again at his pic, and knew.. he is a light..he is all goodness..his family raised him unscarred and he had much to give back just by his mere presence. A light we all lost. Travel the cosmos
Kristen and family - my heart is heavy with sadness from the loss of your beloved boy.  You are in my thoughts and prayers.  With love from Meryl and family
Cole was always such an "old soul".  It was so rewarding to be counted as one of his friends.  I admired his kindness and big heart.  I can picture his smile and feel of his love and I hope the Smith family knows that he will ALWAYS be a part of the Gardner's memories.  We love you Krissy, Steve, Banana and Caders.  Kim and Aaron Gardner
Our thoughts and prayers go out to your sweet mother Kristen and loving father Steve. I don't know if I ever had a conversation with either of them when they didn't have a story to tell me about you. Always so full of life. Living every moment. Hugs go out your beautiful sister Hannah and little brother Cade. You are their angel know. Look over them and surround them with love. R.I.P Cole
I learned many different lessons in loyalty, positivity, kindness, and love from you. Your drive in life was only matched by your generosity. I wish now more than ever that I was able to spend more time with you. I'm very happy to know how rich and exciting you made your life, and it is an example of how we all should have such an appetite for existence. Nothing lasts, but nothing is lost.
We are devastated by the loss of our neighbor, classmate and teammate. Our hearts ache for you.
First memory of Cole - as the cutest 4 year old I had ever met running around with his darling sister Hannah - the boy with the grown up vocabulary and heart of gold.  Cole, you will be greatly missed by all who know you.  Watch over your family - they will be needing you.  We will watch over them too!
This is heartbreaking!  May Cole surround you with his spirit at this difficult time and the memories get you through!
You are in our thoughts and continual prayers.  This is such a heart breaking situation and we are so very sorry for your loss of Cole.  My family lifts you up in prayer and we pray for God to put his arms around you all and that He hold you up through this difficult time. Rest in peace Cole, you live on in our memories.  Maria, Jeff, Zach &amp; Kira Fenske
We are so sorry, with heavy hearts our deepest condolences.  Thoughts and prayers for the entire family!  Buhler family
Cole was one of those students you never forget because of his wonderful smile, joy and enthusiasm.  I also remember the love the Smith family had for one another.  My heart breaks for you all.
Dear Steve and your beautiful family, With much sadness and a heavy heart, I send my deepest sympathy. I lost my sister when she was 21, and I really know how you feel. All of you are in my prayers. Christine Clark
Steve and Kristen, our hearts and prayers are with you and your family.  We were so saddened to hear about Cole.  We have many memories of him and your family when we were neighbors.  Rock and Rosie Wagner.
Smith family, My heart is aching for you.  Words can not begin to express my sorrow.  There is nothing I would like to do more right now than give each of you a hug and take your pain away.  Your dear Cole was such a gift.
Cole, you touched many lives and will be eternally loved. Your short life was filled with passion and well lived. Your parents provided the most loving and caring environment for any child to grow up in and from that you gained a zest for life and lived it fully. It comforts me to know that you had an adventurous, wonderful life and are now exploring another new and amazing place. Miss Kim
Cole... We never met but you are my neighbor. I have a 19yr old Son...Your death hits home...My heart is sad for your Family.... Rest in Peace young man.
Kristen, Steve, Hannah, and Cade -  Our hearts and prayers are with each of you. I wish I could change this because it hurts us so much.  I can't begin to imagine how difficult this is for you.  Cole is such a great young man!  We will always remember our fun times together and want you to know there is nothing we would not do for you - at any time of the day or night.
Cole as much as we lost touch when you went to highschool.. I will never forget how you came up to Verona every day to hangout with everybody here because Calabria was full of adults and no kids! You were like an older brother to all the younger kids on my street. You will be forever missed. You and your whole family are in the prayers of myself as well as my whole family too.
Dear Smith family, I am absolutely heartbroken to hear of your loss.  I can remember Cole sitting at his desk with that most wonderful smile.  Please know that you are in my thoughts and prayers.
Love and miss you, Cole. I know you're watching over your family, now. You shared so much love with the world. It's a better place because of you. I'll see you again, someday.
Miss and love you so much! It's true when they say only the good die young...I can't imagine a more caring angel.  God bless your family in this time.
Love and miss you brotha! I bet they have the best surf where you are. Save some waves for me! Rest in peace man.
Hey Everyone. I will be putting together a slide show for the funeral. Will you all please send me your favorite shots? -As high resolution as possible. Please email them to jeff@dmdifference.com - Thanks!
Praying for your family that God may comfort you as only he can at this time of tremendous loss &lt;3  Praying.....................................NOW &lt;3
I will always remember you as my little brother. You were such a good Man and friend. You always went with the flow and never let anything get under your skin. You are the type of person that anyone would love just by being in your presence. You are now part of the eternal family but will always be remembered as our Ward family. I miss you and love you Brother. Love, Damon
Cole I loved being one of the many moms to you growing up. It's been a fast few years to adulthood since then and you made the most of it. Such brave choices and decisions and adventures that you lived through. When and why we change places from earth to heaven is a mystery to us now but we will have those answers someday. We miss you and love you always.
ove and miss you forever my darling son. till we meet again.  Some entre our lives for a short while but stay in our hearts forever xx x
y does not go by with out me thinking of you ....you are always in my thoughts and you will be forever in my heart love and miss you mom every day ...love you mom xxx from deb xx
ove and miss you always nan xxxxxx
o mom another year gone but still i miss you more each day love you always xxx
Happy birthday day
Forever missed
Elliot you are missed but never forgotten and thanks for always having my back and making sure that I knew it.  Dad
They say it get's easier but it doesn't . Every day I miss you and it seems like I miss you more today then I did a year ago.  Love and miss you with all my heart !!!!!
A life taken too soon.  I'd like to think that God saw that Darren did all he needed to do here on earth and had bigger, better things waiting for him above.
Zach will Never be Forgotten!! He lives on through all his Family, Friends and Fellow Marines!!! Thank You for your Ultimate Sacrfice! My Prayers are always with the Smith Family!! Semper Fi and 1/6 Hard
Ben As a another Gold Star Mom I cannot even begin to tell you how much this means to the Smith family, other Gold Star families and past present and future military personnel. As a Gold Star Mom, my biggest fear was that my son would be forgotten. Your an angel on earth for our angels in heaven.
Mrs. Smith,    It was a pleasure designing this website. A website where everyone can come to and pay tribute to your son, and an American Hero.   The Purple Ribbon Memorial I plan on launching in Dec.
Ben,  thank you so much for making this beautiful website of our Zach....you amaze me.  Thank you for the purple ribbon tribute that you started in his memory.  We are touched with the special things that people have done to keep Zach alive.  You are an angel on Earth...and I thank God for you to keep my baby alive.....thank you from the bottom of my broken-heart.
I KNOW YOU SLEEP IN HEAVEN AND UP THERE DREAM OF ME  WAITING THERE FOR THE ONES YOU LOVE UNTIL TOGETHER WE WOULD BE I KNOW THAT YOU'RE NOT LONELY IN COMPANY OF ANGELS ABOVE  WATHCING OVER AND PROTECTING THOSE YOU LEFT BEHIND YOU LOVE  MAY YOU REST IN PIECE  LOVE YOU YOLANDA &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
hey cuddy you touched so many peoples lives I remember when we had our first conversation talking about motherhood and how you loved my cousin kevin and how you all was expecting heaven and I had a daughter named heavyn for years prior july 2 was bitter but sweet that morning I gave birth to a beautiful baby boy that same night I found out that you were taken away from us missin you !
Yolanda I known you since LA High days always had a smile on your pretty face and was such a happy happy person ..... Gal you will be truly missed .... your kids have a beautiful angel watching over them R.I.P Yolanda !!!
Although Im just a ex neighbor who didn't thoroughly know you. My little sister played with your boys, and from what I saw you was a decent mother. I still recall the feeling I felt when  your story came on the news, it touched me because Im around your age and I'm a mother as well. With you being gone I know your kids are gonna miss their mom, &amp; I hope they find comfort from family. R.i.p
RiP daddy I love you
Happy Birthday YoshDogg!!!! Love ya and miss ya brother
We miss you Jason and we love you.  Keep watching over abbi as you have always done
Dang man the years are clickin by now. Been 5 of them since I last seen you. Still miss ya. Still keep ur memory alive at work! Love ya man
Happy Birthday Brother. Love you and miss you like crazy
Happy Birthday  Jason.  We love and miss you  every day  Keep watching over our Abbi as she goes through middle school.  It breaks my heart knowing that she needs and misses you so much
4yrs brother, we still talk about you ar work. I still talk about you all the time. Man i miss you brother! Miss all our talks and stayin up bsin. Got ur old bump hat hangin in my bar and use ur tools everyday.....
Jason, it's 3 am on July 3rd and in about an hour  from now 4 yrs ago mine, abbi and tiffs life changed forever. I lost the guy who was a part of my life for 20 yrs  abbi lost the person she thought of as a dad  the man who watched spngebob with her and the cat in the hat and would act out the parts that would make her laugh. The man that helped her to read and taught her all kinds of educational things at an early age that helped to make her the smart opinionated  know it all she is today. Lol.  I miss calling you or texting you and saying calgon take me away and talking to you about all the stuff going on. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of you. You will always live on in our hearts and our memories. I know you are the Angel that keeps a watch over us. This is just another one of those many breaks like we used to take from each other ever so often and i know that one day we will be reunited again and it will pick up right where we left off like it always did when we would get back in touch with each other after yrs of being apart. We love you Jason
3 yrs ago today. We still love telling Yoshi stories. Can't believe it's been 3 years man. Be glad to see you again one day bud. Love ya
Can't believe it's been 2 years. Seems like yesterday yet it seems like an eternity at the same time. I miss you like crazy bud. Work still isn't the same. Lots of changes there, you'd love it. Haha that's sarcasm aat its best. I'm a married man now bud. Bet you thought you'd never see that! Well its great and you'd love my new wife. She's Def the one. I'm sure you'd wanna sit down and have a talk with her. Lol. Kids are good, matter of fact that's what I'm Fixin to do, get up and get ready for a day of fireworks and such for an early 4th of July. Keep em on their toes up there bud and as always make laugh! Love you man
Yoshi. Man I miss you like crazy!! I wish so bad u could see me now. I wish so bad I could see you! Things are so different. Better for sure! Different. I love you man. I miss you.
It's been along time since i"ve been on here, lots has changed since you"ve been gone but one thing that hasn"t changed is I still miss you as much as I did the day you left us.... You still are in my heart.. I talked about you for hours the other night and laughed about all the memories I had of you... we will meet again one day my friend, it was a blessing to get to know you because you were definately one of a kind. Love you Yoshi
Hi Jason. It's been a little while since I've wrote anything but it doesn't mean that I haven't thought of you every single day. It's been a little over 5 months that you've been gone an I still find it hard an unreal that you aren't here for me to talk to. The kids an I miss you so very much an Christmas is almost here an I wish you were here with us like you always have been every year for a very long time. This will be our first Christmas without you. Abbi misses you an I can see a change in her since you have been gone. Even tiff misses you even though y'all didnt always get along. Our lives are not the same without you an they never will be. You took a part of us with you when you went to heaven but I know you are our angel that looks over us an keeps us safe.  There is so much I want to tell you an talk to you about. I still find myself wanting to pick up the phone to call you. I love an miss you Jason
Dropped my phone again today and just knew you would have been proud of me and tell me how I treat my phone was very disappointing to you. Miss you brother...Franky and Mary Lou
I really wish you was here rite now, I wouldnt even know where to start with all the problems I have but I know you would sit and listen and give me the greatest advice ever. I miss you alot. I wish things were different. I wish I could change a hundred things. You always told me it wasnt always gonna be easy to put up with and I should have listened. I love you and miss you.
Well just wanted to be first to say Happy Birthday Bubba. I love you man. I miss ya brother. Wish u were here so I could have a beer or bourbon with ya. Or as u would call it a "burbanya"
I have been thinking about you a lot lately, people say time will heal. I honestly cant tell because we hurt everyday knowing your not here. Justin misses you so much, the kids do too. I wish things were different. you will always be in our hearts... miss you like crazy and love you Yoshi... oh btw I'm not even mad you called me Linda;)
Yoshi always had a way to make a person laugh you could be as mad as a hornet but some how he would find a way to make u smile. He was a great friend and co-worker we will miss him greatly but we will always have the memories if the times we shared close to our hearts!
I miss you so much and Justin isnt the same without you. We talk about u all the time. It doesnt even seem real that your gone. I hope everything is what you expected, the whole pearly gates and streets of gold like you spoke of. Love you Yoshi...
I don't really know what to say right now. I'm hurt. Im mad. I miss you brother. You were my family! Life will never be the same. I got got so many stories I'll put on here soon. I love you man.
Yoshi, the "ultimate sidekick"
Although I did not know you like some.. You were the kindest, happy go lucky man I ever met in Wal-Mart in the early morning hours.
I'm going to miss you friend. Enjoyed working with you. I'll always remember your smile.
Work ain't the same wuthout ya Yosh. Nobody is laughing and Franky is hungry. Who's gonna feed Franky now. I brought some Taco Johns but you that won't fill him up.
Jason  I miss you so very much. Your on my mind all day long  I remember when we first met  I worked at super x an you were a magazine driver I remember going 4 wheeler riding in the creeks behind your house late at night  you were always so protective of me. You never let me ride with you while you went up a steep hill so I wouldn't get hurt. You stayed that way throughout the years too.
Jason. I know I have to keep on going for the kids but it is extremely hard not having you here with us. When things gets crazy around here an you know it does( lol). I always text or called you to talk about it I know I have friends to talk to but it is not the same  I need you back in my life  you have been in it for so many years that it is so unreal that your not anymore. I love you!!!
I thought of you today, but that is nothing new. I thought of you yesterday and days before that too. I think of you in silence, I often speak your name. All I have are memories and pictures in a frame. Your memory is a keepsake from which i'll never part. God has you in His arms, I have you in my heart.
I can't believe it's going to be a year since you have been gone. I miss you so much, Kathy.  But one day we will be together again.
I  love you mom, today I turned 29. Where did the time go. Really wish you were here but I know you are in a better place, I can only imagine how beautiful it is. I Will see you one day.
made this for you mom, so everyone that known you could come remember you. Tell story and share pictures of you. I hope you know just how much you are missed. Life hasn't been the same, and you thought you cared. always in my heart. LOVE, ashley
Happy birthday uncle graham not a day goes by without you in our thoughts and hearts xxx
hope your okay up there uncle graham &lt;3  Miss you so much &lt;3 keep seeing you in my dreams (:  sweet dreams
nt take it in.graham was a good freind and every tine i saw him in town we would chat and share a joke and i would walk away feeling a lot happier r.i.p graham i am sure you are watching over us
.i.p graham your were a true friend to me an mally we will never forget you sleep tight with the angels above xxxxxxxxxxxx
I really miss you dear brother,life will never be the same without you. You were there for me through my hard times of ill health and you were like a rock for me,i just wish i could have done the same for you.You were loved by many people and you have left a lot of sad people behind.May you now rest in peace Graham I will think of you each day xxx
R.I.P Graham, things will never be the same without you in our lives...  rest in peace xxxxx
You will always be in our hearts and in our minds Graham,i know your not here with us in a physical term,but you are here in spirit,may god and the angels up there open their arms and welcome you to their kingdom,Rest In Peace big guy x
So sad you have left us graham  you will be very sadly missed in a lot of our life's but I will always remember you as a happy go lucky guy with that big smile on your face mate :) god bless you graham R.I.P smiler Xx :))))))))
R.I.P. Great uncle graham &lt;3 for ever in my heart , miss you so much xxxx
Gone but never forgotten ! Alway in our heart xx
Only met once but wish we would of met more :) sleep tight xx Laura xx
R.I.P Graham such a nice bloke known you all my life. Now sleep tight with the angels above xx
I HAVE STARTED THIS ONLINE TRIBUTE FOR THE FAMILY &amp; FRIENDS &amp; CLASSMATES  The wake is Wednesday at 10am and the funeral at 11am at  Coppin AME church, 5627 S. Michigan  Visitation :Tuesday from 3-7pm at progressive funeral home, 7208 STONY ISLAND, CHICAGO,IL
We miss you granny we love you very very very much brownie misses you too. Love, bug and earyn
I will miss you always mommy, you will always be in my heart and thoughts. I`ll see you again. I love you! Xoxoxoxo
I will always cherish the laughs we shared. I will never forget doing your lab work in a gas station parking lot in the back seat of my car! You were truly one of a kind and I will miss you more now than I have the past few months. You were the best patient a nurse could ask for: challenging, loving, and VERY fun! Miss you!!
Uncle Paul you will forever be missed, you will always be in my heart..my soul. I have so many memories of you visiting us on CA with your big rig, when I was a little girl I remember you took me for a ride, I never forgot that. I would give anything to hear your voice one last time, to hear you laugh, to hear you say "I love you Pooh." I love you Uncle Paul. Memories I will never forget.
This week I had to say goodbye to my Grandpa. But I know I will always keep him in my heart with all the lessons he taught me. He lived life to the fullest, family and friends were the most important thing to him. He was an amazing man and will be missed more than he could ever have guessed. I love Grandpa and miss you.
Praying for the family to get through this very hard time.I love you all,thinking of you.He will be watching over us all..I bet he is having a drink right now with my daddy.
nt believe its 3 yrs since we saw ur wee face dad sleep tight xxx
Dad wish u never had 2 leave us life is just no the same without u xxxx
Da wish u could still be here I think u will probably know how much of a hard time I'm going through but I'm sure u r trying ur best 2 help me through it as u always did love n miss u more every day xx
nt believe its bn nearly been a year da i wish i could just have you back fit and well you are sorely missed xxxx
In tears we saw you sinking,and watched you fade away Our hearts were almost broken because we wanted you to stay, But when we saw you sleeping,so peaceful free from pain, how could we wish you back to suffer through that again,it broke our hearts to lose you,but you did not go alone
he day god called u home xx forever missed da xx
I hate to say it, but this site needs to be closed due to irrelevant and distasteful comments made by angry guests.  I am happy to add that another site has been put up to replace this one, and I would like for all of you to add as much (and More!) of you happy memories of Kaylie and make this site relevant to Kaylie, as Vici intended.  Thanks to all of you!
Another missed birthday, but you will always be remembered and loved more than this world can imagine.
I love you forever and always. God willing, I will rest next to you and your precious Baby Girl and my favorite granddaughter forever, until the end of this earth. I love you so much Kaylie Kathleen, my baby girl, forever and always
found these in a small, Christian book and gift store in Ottawa, and they brought me comfort, so I wanted to share them, they only had 5 and I got all of them, if anyone reads this and would like one, please notify me and I will send you one.  Safely Home I am home in Heaven, Dear ones: Oh, so happy And so bright! There is perfect joy And beauty In this everlasting light. All the pain  And grief is over, Every restless tossing passed; I am now At peace forever, Safely home In Heaven at last.
To everyone involved in making this KAYLIE'S page again. I deeply appreciate it. I have created a similar one for Lana Leigh Bailey, I know I was including a lot of Lana's memorials here and slow me, I set up one of her very own, anyone can post there but this is the only way I have of notifying most of you, trying to add link, <a href="https://www.forevermissed.com/lana-leigh-bailey/" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">https://www.forevermissed.com/lana-leigh-bailey/</a>    ♡ lisa again ♡
Kaylie Grace (exhausting sigh), I always think of you, just as I think of you only brother and multiple sisters, and how much I want to talk to you, and laugh and cry together again. I pray that you are happy with Lana, and all the family that had passed by your arrival on Earth's surface, and if they are as delighted to have you girls with them now as I  will be to be with all of you again. God williing &amp; the creek don't rise, that is...Love, mommers/neena
I deeply appreciate Vici, and the rest of Kaylie's friends who have tried to make this memorial tasteful, relevant to KAYLIE and her life. I hope all is well with those of you who remember Kaylie and are able to disregard the sick, sick  games that are being aired on a sacred memorial.   PLEASE CEASE AND DESIST ANY &amp; ALL COMMENTS, MUSIC, VIDEOS, ETC., that are irreallevant to Kaylie THANK YOU,
I have loved you forever and forevermore.  A request was made to take this site down, I am just grateful that you are not here to see all the meanness and nastiness that spiteful little people will stoop to in order to hurt the people who love you the most. You will always be with me, and I will always be with you and beautiful baby girl, our Little Lana Leigh.  God willing,  I always come back to you, and one day, I will be next to you forevermore. Rest well, my babies. ♡ Love from mommers ♡
25 years ago today, God gave Kaylie to the world. It was a good day that we will always hold inside our hearts.
Yesterday, May 6, one of the peonies we have planted in the back yard for you and baby Lana, it burst into a big beautiful pink flower. I know you and Lana were murdered on May 1, 2013, but due to the lies if psychopath who executed you and then shot Lana and she landed on you, we were misled, and didn't find you until May 6.  He took Lana and put her in a suitcase in the Tequa Creek and it was by the hard work of law enforcement and the Grace of God, that you were ever reunited with Lana.
As a toddler and for the rest of your short life, I called you "KAYLIE GRACE" because you were so klutzy. You couldn't just lose your footing and regain it, you had to fall with arms and legs hitting everything and twisted every which way.  Then you would sit on the ground and we'd giggle uncontrollably.  You always had a fascinating and terrific sense of humor, my baby, my Kaylie Grace.
Hi my baby girl Kaylie. I miss you and your Baby Girl, Lana so much. Today would be her 4 1/4 year birthday. I put up flowers that are teal and cream, and we planted peonies on either side of the headstone and two in the backyard last fall, hoping they will bloom in the spring.  Anonymous  people leave flowers and decorations at your and Lana Leigh's grave.  I like going there.  I always come back to you. One day I will come back next to you two forever.  There is so much I want to say to the whole world about you and Lana but I can't yet. For now I will say that you are a great mama and I know you love Lana, I just wish I would have said it to you when you needed to hear it from me.
2 beautiful girls gone 2 soon.  Forever in our hearts and minds. Love to u Kaylie and Lana.
My favorite quote of Kaylie's, posted as status update April 15, 2013,  There is too much hate and anger in the world.  People need to love more and hate less.
I remember when we all ran around in the rain being rowdy and having a good time and laughing. jumping on the trampoline while it was pouring.
I just put up new fall flowers for you. I Love and Miss both of you forever and always.
This beautiful girl will be in our hearts forever. She had a huge heart, she loved everyone around her. Kaylie did everything that she could for everyone around her.
By being here you have communicated that you care. This gesture is of immeasurable value, and speaks significantly about the impact of the life we commemorate."""
Those we love don't go away, they walk beside us everyday. Unseen, unheard, but always near, Still loved, still missed, and very dear
Sisters that pass away have special meaning to us. They are often close in age and their death may bring to mind our own mortality. Life is no longer taken for granted. Someone we love has passed away. If the death is unexpected, there may be loose ends that have not been dealt with. It is common that a death of a sister brings upon a search for meaning.  We all love and miss you like a sister Ki
Jim and Children, I just wanted you all to know that you are in our thoughts and prayers in this difficult time. In my time of mourning I look to the word. "Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted" - Matthew 5:4. God will be there to comfort you, just lean on him.
Gonna miss you cousin we had a lot of wonderful time while we were in high school may u rip
Where I have gone I am not so small. My soul is as wide as the world is tall. I have gone to answer the call, the call Of the One who takes care of us all. Wherever you look, you will find me there- In the heart of a rose, In the heart of a prayer. On butterflies' wings, on wings of my own, To you, I'm gone, But I'm never alone- I am home""
Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in God, believe also in me.  In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you.  And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you unto myself; that where I am, there ye may be also. John 14:1-3"
Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come; Thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us; and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory now and forever Aman"
Kimberly and I spent so much time together, just being with each other, enjoying music, talking with each other about movies.. Rob Pattinson was a fave actor of hers.  She had a warm, tender heart, and I will miss her very much.  I only wish that I was closer in distance .. so I couldve been there - She is my dear friend, I will miss her, I love her.  My heart and prayers goes out to her family.
When I think of Kimmy, i think of these quotes..."Many people will walk in and out of your life,but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart." “because a song can take you back instantly to a moment, or a place, or even a person. no matter what else has changed in you or the world, that one song stays the same, just like that moment.” ― Sarah Dessen
I was never really close to my mom, even though she was a room away from me. I know I was really a brat for the past 3 years of her life, but she would always smile everyday. Its hard when someone walks through that door and she's not there to say "Hey" Or "Bye baby. Love you. See ya later.", when they leave. Somehow its more awkward, dark and silent in the house.
Goodbyes are not forever. Goodbyes are not the end. They simply mean I'll miss you until we meet again."
My brother Its been a while since you have left us for your eternal reward however, you must be  happy to be reunited with  your mom. Enjoy the reunion. This walk remains challenging , but God remains faithful to complete the  task you started, The secret things belongs to God. He does know best.  It is well. Sleep on Bro
Seven years has come since you went home, but here on earth it is so different since you left, the emptiness I feel inside. I miss you so much!! Truly you were unique and you definitely left an imprint in my heart that I will cherrish forever❤
Today marks your seventh anniversary. You will always be in our hearts and we know that you are safe and secure in the arms of Jesus.  It is not by coincidence but Divine appointment that mom’s homegoing service will be held today. She was ready to join you.  My brother I miss you dearly and pledge to carry on your legacy.  You have impacted my life in such a profound way. Glad to have been a part of your life.  Rest In Peace my bro.  Sister Dawn
My Brother how time has flown away,as we look forward to celebrate  7 years since you physically left us, and to realize that this  year mom has joined you, it awesome. This is a divine appointment that mom's   home going service will be held the same day you  answered the call to be absent from your  body  and be in the presence of your Lord and Savior. Wow.   I am just imagine the celebration you both are having now. I remain committed to finish strong like you both did. Forever missed and in our hearts.  MOM'S LAST  WORDS'' -IT IS WELL
KARTER SUMOWUO . I missed you brother. I missed your voice on the radio. I met you several times and you made a lasting impact upon my life. You are with the Lord now and all is well. The LORD will comfort your family and lead them alone the way. You ran well and finished your race. Hopefully I can finish my race like you did. LOVE YOU ALWAYS!!!
MY BROTHER JUST TO LET YOU KNOW THAT  ITS A VERY CHALLENGING   TIME AS MOM  IS FACED WITH HEALTH ISSUES.   SHE CONTINUES TO  SAY THAT IT IS WELL WITH HER SOUL AND SHE IS  READY TO FRY AWAY AND BE WITH  THE LOVER OF HER SOUL AND THE LIFTER OF HER HEAD.
I don't have enough words to express, oh how I missed You!! Sleep Pastor Smith!!
Always in our thoughts - much love Brother......God knows Best...#legacy will cont'd in Jesus name!!
September 3rd is a very special day on the calendar that  I cannot and will not forget. LS  you are remembered in a special way today because it would have been a great celebration to mark your 60th birthday but God knows best..you was my friend, brother, husband and pastor.. You  moved to your mansion and left us your vision to carry on ..and with the help of God we will continue to run with the vision ..Sleep on LS..You are greatly missed!!
It’s hard to forget such a beautiful human being who has left an indelible mark on the lives of thounds across the world in his short life’s span. You certainly have impacted my life in numerous ways. May your beautiful soul continue to Rest In Peace.
Message from Mom,  Anita  To My beloved Son:  I miss you but know you are in a better place. I love you. Things are so different since you passed but I am holding on.  Thank God for His mercies towards me and am keeping the faith.  Today is a sad day my son. Love you more than words can say
I am sending this message with mixed feelings but have to console myself that you are with your Creator.. Oh how time flies You would have been having a grand time at 60! starting the celebration from the first through the end of September.  I miss you dearly but the memories left behind are permanently etched in my heart. Death may have taken you out of sight but not out of my heart.  Dave, am doing my part to keep the legacy alive that you have worked so hard to build.  Great news about Countdown Church in Jamaica!  Richly blessed to have had a brother like you. Let me finish as it is very difficult to organize my thoughts.  I keep singing one of your favorite songs" His Voice Makes A Difference:  Dawn - Sister
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY DEAR BROTHER AS YOU CELEBRATE ANOTHER YEAR WITH THE LOVER OF YOUR SOUL. I'M SURE YOU PREFER  TO BE WITH JESUS  THAN TO BE IN THIS WORLD WHERE THERE IS SO MUCH   EVIL AND TRULY YOUR PROPHETIC MESSAGE IN YOUR BOOK" SAY NO TO THAT MARK" IS SO SO EVIDENT NOW IF YOU WERE HERE IN THE NATURAL, YOU WOULD HAVE PLANNED YOUR 60TH WITH A BANG. GUESS WHAT YOU WERE REMEMBERED AND WILL ALWAYS BE MISSED. REST MY BROTHER, AS YOU CONTINUE TO ENJOY ALL YOUR BIRTHDAYS WITH JESUS. SEE YOU IN THE MORNING LUV YA . ITS STILL A FUN TO SEE SATAN LOOSE AS WE THANK GOD FOR WATCHING OVER THE VISION YOU PLANTED. OTHERS ARE WATERING, AS WE WATCH GOD BRING THE INCREASE
Its been a few month since i have paused to pay tribute to a very special and unforgettable man of God. It hasn't gotten better dealing with  your absence- NOT A LOSS- HEAVEN'S  GAIN.   I so think of you when I sit back and reminisce  on those Blood songs that you so LOVE . They are carrying me  thru life's highs and lows. Truly God is amazing. I console my self with this thought  that   God knows best. REST MY BROTHER  -STILL WORKING TO SEE YOU IN THAT GREAT GETTING UP MORNING.
Just to reflect on  the length of time since you have left us, it seems to be just like yesterday. Your Legacy still lives on, and  will continue to until  we join you . Thanks for making such a life time impact on  me. You are still missed . Memories are cherished. Rest my Bro Rest.  I can just imagine how happy you are,  See you
My Brother - I can't believe its 6 yrs already - there's not a day that goes by that you're not in my thoughts...Gone but NEVER forgotten--your LEGACY will lives on-Blessings to the FEM Ministry &amp; Countdown Min...
Sent on Behalf of Janice Ewen- Trinidad: The thing that comforts me is our last conversation together. Your comforting words gave me peace for the hurt from those who said to me" God bless you I love you".  Thank you again Pastor for having such trust in me.  You will always be alive in my heart.  When I look around in my life and see where I am today, I thank you for pastoring me with such wisdom to hold onto the Word and use it- and can now pass it on to others to walk the walk and don't sit around and look like "Miss Beulah donkey".  Your funny sayings, how can I forget you? I love you. Power in the Blood.
WOW!!!  LS, Its hard to believe that today has been  6 years since you left us for your new home. It seems as it was just yesterday, time is really going by fast.    There are so many  memories about you that I will always cherish.  A FEMITE and myself was laughing a few minutes ago about one of  the way you would use to promote our End of year Ball... You would say something like this.." I have a special pointed toes shoes to wear to this Ball.. for you to see it , you MUST attend... so make sure you buy your ticket soon...  laughing" There was only one Leighton .....Hon your legacy lives on and on and on....By the help of God we are carrying on the work God has used you to start.  ,,LS you will be FOREVER MISSED!!!!!
Once again I have to face the reality that indeed you have  traded your old tattered garment for your  robe of white. I can just imagine  how free at last you are. They continue to say that time heals the wound, but it surely  hasn't healed ours. We continue to honor your legacy as best as we possible can. You are truly missed. The many  end times  events  that continue to unfold as  you so accurately  unveiled in the much sort out book," Stay No To the Mark". is amazing.  My brother  you have left a void in our lives that cannot be filled, but we take comfort in the  fact that you "FINISHED STRONG" , AND WE LOOK FORWARD TO THAT HEAVENLY CELEBRATION.   As we remember you today we are  are encouraged that "MOM" is finally coming home after been away in the hospital and Rehab  the same time period that you  did.  Thank God that history hasn't repeated  itself thus far. We are so thankful. PRAISE GOD
When the good Lord calls us to rest, no man can awake us. So as mere mortals, we give thanks to Him that even though He calls many to rest, and even though this leaves us all in grief, we must rejoice and delight in knowing that by faith, that God's elects rest with Him in glory.  By our continued work in faith, God's work continues...to God be the glory
God gave life He takes it away; He is the Potter and I am the clay When I view the last sunset and cross over sea, I know sunrise will be waiting for me Oh what a sunrise it's going to be; Death will lose its sting, the grave its victory,Silence will be broken, and the storm clouds rolled away, I hear the saints of angels singing on our homecoming day" (sung by one of your favorite gospel groups -Grace Thrillers). This song has been on my mind since I woke up and thought it fitting to include in this tribute.  It's hard to believe today marks your sixth anniversary- seems as though it were yesterday my dearly beloved brother. I am trying to maintain my composure although it is quite difficult.  Your legacy lives on and moreso the positive difference you made in the World has left an indelible mark on countless others.  In fact, there are individuals whom I have met who were not aware of your passing and who have recounted personal experiences how you contributed to their personal and spiritual growth. You would be pleased to know also that the Countdown Program which is aired each Friday nite continues to be a blessing -your legacy lives on by God's grace. I find solace in Psalm 116:15- "Precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of His saints". Oh, how sweet to rest in the arms of Jesus, Oh how sweet to know you are safe from all harm - are my parting words.  Miss you, miss you terribly  Rest in peace Dave!!!  From Sister Dawn -(your look-alike)
Can’t believe that is has been 6 years since you are gone.But it just shows that time is just drawing us closer  to be together again for eternity looking forward for that day
Wow!!! Daddy, I really miss you. This tribute is well overdue. I can't believe it's been 5 years since you've been gone, physically. Trust me, you are very much alive in out hearts and memories. For my birthday, I do what you used to do, alarm the people ahead of time of that special day, but I haven't been getting the gifts you used to get... :) I will keep working on it..... :) I've gleaned so much from you, being spiritually born in your hands, being baptized by you, being your 1st wedding and so much more. Thank you for all you've imparted into me. Thanks for the love, dedication, unselfishness, wisdom and knowledge, teaching me about the blood of Jesus, and most of all being a true man of God. "He was my Father, my Brother, my Pastor, my Friend, Daddy I miss you but you've taught me well. To your mansion in glory you have moved on, but you left with us your vision to carry on."  Gone but not forgotten. Until I see you again. I love you.  - your son
How hard it was to think that another year has passed  for the anniversary of your birth. You still are greatly missed.  As we still continue to celebrate your impact on our lives,  we give God thanks that the vision is still alive, though beset my many challenges.  But we take comfort that it's  built on Jesus Christ the solid Rock, and the gates of hell cannot. shall not and will not prevail against it. Rest my brother. I am determined to see  you again. Celebrate  with Jesus
WOW.....It's hard to believe that 5 years has passed since you left me to your new home.  LS, you are  not here physically but you will always be in my thought.  When I feel down your words to me help to get up and keep going, yes!  I will make it. We had memories of you in church yesterday, some of them was very funny, we laughed and cried. LS,YOU ARE GREATLY MISSED.
FEM Wall Street NY Remembering Our Late Pastor Today would have been a very special day for our Late Pastor Leighton D. Smith. He always looks forward to the celebration of his birthday.  It’s hard to believe 5 years has already passed since we say good bye to our Pastor, Father and Friend. He was one of the few who would not compromise the true Gospel. He was a passionate Christ follower who never afraid to step into uncharted waters. He taught us not to compromise our identity and how to use the Blood of Jesus. We will cherish the memory of his unselfish life and we will continue to teach and live those things we were taught. SLEEP IN PEACE GOD’S GENERAL!!
My brother you're gone but never forgotten your legacy will cont'd in Jesus Name!!  What a special day - I can imagine @ FEM &amp; Countdown Ministry today!! Hope to see u again :-) love u Bro!
The work continues by those who have remained faithful, and you remain ALWAYS missed. May God bless your soul
Today marks the 59th anniversary of my late brother's birth. (affectionately called Dave).   I went to bed with you on my mind and woke up singing the song" The only real peace that I have dear Lord is in you"  Am still trying to cope with the reality you are no longer here but in a better place.  There is not a day that goes by that I do not think of you. I know you would not want me to be fretting (and you would be calling me by my nick-name too). The family is holding on and working to keep your legacy alive.  In a few weeks will be Countdown's Fourteenth Anniversary. I visualize you sitting in your chair on the platform in St. Ann. Dave I am encouraged by the work you did while with us and much of what you taught is is now fulfilling before our very eyes.  Borrowing the words of someone who penned this poem; "For this journey that we must take and each must go alone, It's all a part of the Master's plan, a step on the road to home".   Sleep on my brother you are safe in the Master's arms.. Miss you terribly!  Dawn Sister
As i reminiscence about your contributions to  the body of Christ on this day which would be your 59th Birthday I'm so grateful that you were obedient to the call of God onYour life because every day the things you taught are manifesting more and more and so we are encouraged to continue saying no to the mark.your race was well run now you can enjoy the rewards
Just a note to say how  greatly missed you  still  are. Continue to rest my brother.  You planted,  we are watering, and watch God give the increase.  We are truly living in the last day.  but we will remember you encouraged us to SAY NO TO THE MARK.
Just to let you know that mom and I listened to your last Father's Day message today. " What you want to  hear Fathers day message. Who is running this show. God or the devil? ..... ". Wow!! what a prayer. Your voice is so alive. You certainly are still alive in our hearts. You have rehearsed well and  is awaiting the great ceremony in the  sky. Cant wait to see you in your  glorified body.  No grave cannot hold your body down. Its my desire to meet you and my other loves ones there.  I am encouraged by the life you lived. Well done., Mission accomplished
It is Father's Day and I cannot help but think of you my dearly beloved brother. Yes you have fathered countless children and your love, devotion and encouragement with great leadership inspire us to be the best we can and be knowledgeable in the Word.  Thank you for the time you were with us and the impact you made. I am still listening to some of your favorite hymns - the ones we sang together on my visit with you "His Voice Makes The Difference" "Thank You Lord for One More Day"...your quote: "If you think education is expensive try ignorance".  Your legacy is alive today (Countdown radio program is indeed a blessing and we thank God for those whom you have groomed while on earth.  You would be proud of your daughter KW who recently graduated despite the challenges. MISSING YOU TERRIBLY but I know you are in the arms of Jesus!Sister Dawn
Pastor Leighton D. Smith,  you have finished your assignment on earth and your father has called you home to a greater work. But on this Father's day many of your spiritual children surely miss you around but we are doing our best to carry on the great legacy you have left behind. RIP Pastor LS.
Just to let you know that you are thought of. There is still a void that  hasn't been  filled., Your memories lives on.  I will continue to do my best to keep your vision alive, particularly  in Higgin Town. Signs of the time are here like you accurately predicted. You are missed and loved Rest by Brother . Cant wait to see you again. Love Always
Brother I can't get you out of my mind! Yes it's early in the morning and I just had to write this little tribute. Your prophecies as they relate to end-time events are being fulfilled before our very eyes.  Doing my part in blessing others with your book which is still receiving rave reviews and is relevant today.  Always will remember you Dave. Memories of you are permanently etched in my mind.  RIP Bro.  Dawn-Sister
Every Friday night when I tune in to Countdown, I miss Pastor Smith still. Countdown just isn't the same without him.  Always an ache in my heart
My beloved brother........not a day pass that you're not in my thoughts..R.I.P..Gone but not forgotten......love you FOREVER!
Today marks five years since you left us. Admittedly, I found it easier this time to pen this tribute without getting emotional.  Today, not by coincidence I believe, the devotionals I read highlighted the topic "Sorrow's Aftermath" and I am able to put my pain in perspective. I cannot tell you how much you are missed but while my flesh and heart fail, God has given me the strength to go on.  Brother, you have fought a good fight, finished your course and gone Home to be with your Lord and Savior. I also took a stroll down memory lane to reflect on the words of an anonymous author:  "I have been through the valley of weeping; The valley of sorrow and pain; But the God of all comfort was with me; At hand to uphold and sustain.  RIP Dave.   I WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER YOU. And we are doing our part to keep the legacy alive.   Your Sister- Dawn
Yes  it is for real 5 years since you have left this side of the vineyard  No matter what anyone says about grief, and about healing all wounds, the truth is therefore certain sorrows  never fades away until the heart stops beating, and the last breath is taken.  We little knew  that morning that God was going to call your name. In life   we love you dearly, in death we do the same. It broke our hearts to loose you. You didn't go alone, part of us your siblings went with you. You left us peacefully. Memories you love is still our guide and though we cannot see, you are always at  our sides. Our family chain is broken and nothing seems the same, but as God calls us one by one the  chain will link mend again. They say that there is a reason,and that time will heal the pain. but neither time or reason will change the way i feel.  The heartache that lies behind our smile,are real.  No one knows the many times we have broken down and cried. We want to tell  you brother , so there be no doubt, you are so wonderful to think of , but so hard to live without. So for now we will think of you as resting from the sorrows and pain, in a place of comfort. Continue to live in the hearts of those whose lives you have touched. NOTHING LOVED IS EVER LOST BECAUSE YOU WERE LOVED SO MUCH.   REST REST
5 YEARS 5 years Silent tears Our best wishes are yours You left us saddened You've left us blessed ...and so it's no wonder you're forever missed 5 years Since we said our last goodbyes Eyes dimmed with tears then But by faith we know that was not the end Death may have taken hold But I know the victory is won For in the arms of our Saviour so blessed You've found sweet rest 5 years Our faith is still strong For we know of a certain One sweet day we will meet again
Wow ..yes its really five years since you left us to your new home but  I just can't get use to you not around.  There are so many memories that kept me looking back and just wish you were here..I have to remind myself that you are not here and life goes on.  LS you taught me well so I just have to make the adjustment, trust the Lord to guide and strengthen me to cope and do whatever its take to assist in this great work you left behind.. Its not easy but God's grace is sufficient for me...Rest in peace my beloved.  YOU ARE MISSED
Pastor Smith you would be proud of The FEM family  we are still standing strongh despite the  challenges. One thing I can say, we are still receiving favor from the people you have connected us to, and for this we are so grateful. You were not an ordinary pastor..you have impacted many many lives. We thank the Lord for sharing you with us for all those years. Your memories lives on in our hearts.. YOU ARE ALWAYS MISSED
Hi Pastor, As far as l am concern you are still with me l can't get you out of my head or spirit, l am happy about that cause l don't ever want to forget you, l enjoy your visits, even though you don't talk much but I am happy to see you and looking forward to the next crusade you love to get me involve with. How could anyone forget you, you have left us with so much wisdom, I still share what you have taught me to all that l am in contact with. Thank you Pastor
It's Christmas time and here I am just engrossed in my thoughts. A void is yet to be filled at this special time of year. I remember the last Christmas we spent together and among the songs you requested was His Voice Makes The Difference.  You are missed more and more each day but you are sheltered in the arms of God.  What can I say at this time other than to pray for Divine healing?  God is in control. FEM's anniversary was indeed a blessing you would be proud of the brethren how they have persevered despite many challenges.  I for one am doing my best to hold the fort. The work you so ably started is continuing.  Positive thoughts of you my "twin".  Gone but certainly not forgotten!
I knew Leighton and his wonderful wife many years ago before 9-11 when I would visit their office and ministry at #5 Beekman Street. Does anyone know if audio CDs of Leighton's radio show, Countdown, were ever archived and saved for possible Youtube broadcast or shortwave radio broadcasts? I would love to buy some CDs from 1999, 2000 and 2001, if possible. Johnny Watts, Staten Island, email: johnnyrwatts@aol.com....God bless Leighton...
Does anyone have a CD copy of Countdown when Leighton did a live call-in show with Grant Jeffrey as his guest? I would like to buy a copy of that program if possible. Thanks! Johnny Watts/ Staten Island email: johnnyrwatts@aol.com
Thinking of you my dearly beloved brother/pastor Dave.  Our church anniversary in Jamaica has come and gone and you would have been proud of the work the remnant is doing. I look at your prominently displayed picture in the sanctuary and can't help but cry (oh yes I still do).  So many people from the community are still recounting stories of your willingness to go the extra mile. You are truly missed but God had a better plan.  We are holding the fort! Miss you my "twin") Dawn
Forever in our HEARTS Bro...........missed you but GOD gives us the grace to deal with it daily...........You're in a better place my brother one where we all are trying to get to one day..........much love!!
Dave - Your loving mom is here still thinking about you. You will always be in my thoughts.  Anyway, you are better off than being in this sin-cursed world. Gone but not forgotten.  Mom - Anita
My Shorty.  I will remember you always, your little steps, your boney fingers, your sick sense of humor, your obsession with the hair touching your collar, your need to take something that looks great just as it is and tear it apart to re-do it better. I will forever remember your smile and your laughter.
Happy 64th Heavenly Birthday Daddy! 23yrs ago you got your wings! Life definitely wasn't easy without you! Missing you every single day! I often wonder what u would look like at 63 ,would u have grey hair or none like your mom at 81yrs old! It sucks not being able to remember what your voice sounds like or see your face!! I love you &amp; miss you so much!!
I love you Daddy! &amp; I miss you more everyday!. Happy Fathers Day 2013! Wish you were here.
I didn't know Kadisha long, but I miss seeing her &amp; her beautiful family at church. I could tell she &amp; her children were very special because her sons were so well behaved &amp; very loving when I played with them. Kadisha was new to our church, but did not hesitate to sing &amp; have fun with us one Youth night. Sweet girl. I hate she's gone, but God's will is perfect &amp; he loves her. She's w/God.
You are now free from pain, and secure from misery, now may you sleep in peace. I love you and will forever miss you.
May you R.I.P. babygirl, I didn't know you long but I will keep you and your beautiful babies in my prayers! R.I.P.
ove and miss u so very much that it hurts me inside.
miss her so much i loved her alot and i was very close to her i use to visit her almost everyday i wish she was still with us today i still cry and dream about her she will always be in my dreams and in my heart.
Mama, you were the best mother for me, so loving, kind and wise.  I will forever smile about the fun times we had teasing you about your sweet tooth, like the time Jean offered you a piece of her peanut pattie and you ate the whole thing!  You misunderstood and thought she was giving the whole thing to you.  You laid across the bed eating peanut pattie and reading the bible.  smile
Not one day goes by that you are not missed.  There will always be a place in my heart that holds all the treasured memories of your life here on earth.  I know where you are and there we will all be reunited one day.  I love you Toby and I am so proud and thankful that I am your mother.  What a true joy you were and still are!
Peg I sure do miss you.  By now you have probably met up with Tom Fore who left me way too soon as you did..... but we were blessed to have a little over 3 years married.          Miss you always having time to " listen".  Love you from your friend Dianne
Happy Birthday to my bestie....love you Peggy and miss you so much.  I have your birthday marked in my daily devotional so I had wonderful thoughts and memories of our times together as I came to your special day.....miss your listening ear and all the fun we had.
To my Dear Peggy, I know you can hear me because I am certain that you are in heaven. Peg when I heard the news of your passing I cried. I didn't even know you were ill I would have been there to hold you as you held me. You've left us in tears, just as you made us smile. Matthew must have danced when he saw you. Thank you for being my friend You made our world a happier place. Love Marian
Thinking of you my sweet forever friend....30+ years....I could always call you for anything and you would laugh, complain and cry with me....and I would get those calls from you too.  We were always there for each other and such a sweet friend to all.  I will miss you so Peg.  You were suppose to help plan my wedding....know you will be there in spirit.  Love you so Peg...Dianne Raine
Wow, Peggy you always welcomed everyone in your family and treated them as your own! Feed us well too! I will never forget the baby shower you and Nancy gave me and  you opened your house for me and my extended family! I thank you for showing me kindness and much more ! I will never forget you!Missed you will be!
Sara has told me wonderful things about you . And so many fun times . Even though you aren't here no more , you will always be in her heart and everyone else's . Hope you are in a better place now  .                                                                   ~Troy
Peggy You were loved by many and will be missed by all. you were a very loving devoted Wife, Mother, Grandmother and all around person. Peggy had a heart of gold and was there for whoever needed her at any given time. She had so  much of herself to offer and took pride in all she did without hesitation. I'm honored and take pride in knowing such a beautiful soul. I Love You! R.I.P 5/21/13
Grandma I will Love you always ans foreve
Even Though I Haven't Met You In Person I Know That You Were A Great Woman. When Sara Told Me The News I Was Nearly Heart Broken Because I Never Got To Hear Your Sweet Soft Voice And Have A Nice Little Conversation With You. But I At Least Got To Send You A Letter To Show You My Love For You And Sara Told Me How Much You Loved It.!
And It Made Me Happy Because It Made You Smile. I Wish I Could Of Done Something More.. You Will Be Missed Dearly. I Know That You Are Now In Peace And You Are Not Suffering Anymore. Rest In Paradise I Love You So Much..♥         ~Alejandra Huertas
P.S. Thank You For Loving My Letter.. ♥         ~Alejandra Huertas
Dear peggy I hope you are in a better place now our prairs are with you hope you come back one day thank you for your happiness rest in peace. Sincerely Sonia
I have had many great and memorable experiances with my Grandma. She would always take my  sister and I with her to work and we would always go to the food court and eat luch but after lunch we would go and take the candy bucket and give candy to all the employees. We had so many memories I wish  I could fit them all on here but i can't. I hope she knows just how much I Love and Miss her.
My Grandma was one of the Best, Smartest and Strongest people I know. She was a fighter she was never one to just give up on anything. My Grandma has taught me so much and I appreciate it so much  she has always been there for me and done so much for me. I don't know where I would be with out her. I Love my Grandma Dearly. REST IN PARADISE GRANDMA LOVE YOU!!!
miss you grandma <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR9m1QU7nKI" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HR9m1QU7nKI</a>
miss you more than you could ever know  <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnwPQ09RJ2U" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SnwPQ09RJ2U</a>
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWOY7raNpz8" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWOY7raNpz8</a>  very true i love you
Peggy, may you rest in peace in His graceful arms pain free. Though you leave behind many who loved you, you will be remembered in their hearts forever. A piece of her lives on with them for all eternity!
Peggy.  You were like a second mother to me.  You guided me in life and gave me love and support like no one else. I will hold you in my heart for the rest of my life and take you where ever i go in this world.
I love and miss you Daddy.  I miss our little coffee chats at the kitchen table.  Just joking having fun and laughing.  But then the serious conversations full of love and advice.  Always thankful Daddy.  Thank you most of all for teaching me about God.  I am so glad that of all the daddys in the world God chose you for me!
I love you Dad and miss you so very much.  Happy Birthday Poppa!  Thank you for everything you did for me in my life and all the lessons taught, even those I didn't realize were lessons.
My wonderful Daddy (Poppa).  I love and miss you dearly!  Thank you for all you did for me through my life, and everything you taught me.  Many memories and lessons learned.
I  Love You Mom.  I miss you always.  Happy Birthday !!  Thank you for everything.  You have been gone now since1999. Too soon and too long. But I know you are in Heaven watching over us.  Glennia, Ray, and I miss you dearly!!
I love and miss you dearly, Momma.  So many things you taught me, so my lessons I didn't realize you were teaching.  Thank you for all of them.  So many times I have needed you in my life for so many things and you were just gone too soon!  Momma, you are so greatly missed, there is no other like you.  Now it is your 75th birthday and I send you many birthday wishes, you've been gone from me since 1999, (15 years), so very long.  But seems like yesterday.  Your loss never gets easier and it never will.  I love you, Momma!  Have a wonderful time in Heaven.  See u there one day!
My dear and precious Momma!  Thank you for all you taught me.  All you did for me!  Thank you for teaching me rite from wrong, and about Jesus!  I love you and miss you!  Gone way too soon, Momma!
I LOVE  U  MOM  AND  MISS  U  AND  I BEEN  THINKING  ABOUT  U  AND SOMETIMES  I  CRY  FOR  U  ITS  HURT   ME  ALOT   THAT  HOW  I  MISS  U  AND LOVE  U   AND  STILL THINKING   ABOUT  U  LOVE  U  AND  MISS U  FOREVER  AND  ALWAYS
nita it has bein a while since I was last on here I still think of you all the time you left me and nana heart empty but you are with the lord now he is looking after you
mom  when  i  had  time  i  been  saying    things   i   never   say  before   i am  saying  this  i just  wanna  say i love   regan  so  much   and  he  love  me  so  much   he  still  buying  me  clothes
k i  never got drunk before mom but  i  need  it if  not  i  well   keep   crying   for  u  and  i  know   u  want  me  to move on with my  life so  i got   drunk   and  not  to   cry
k  it  been  a  month  today   but   it  is   hard    that  u not   here  but ik you   is  watching   down  on  us  mom  we  love  u  and   we  missed  u  and  me  and  regan  even  got  the  wedding  on  hold   and  if  i  had  $ 10.000 for  him  to  stay  here   with  me  i   well   let  him
hink   about  is  u  mom   i  cry   and  cry    and  cry     because   it  is   hard  on   me   but  i  love  u   and  i  missed  u    so  much   it  is   harder  on  me    because  i lose  a  mom   and   a  friend   i  guess  that  why  i    crying   of  u   love  u  mom    i  know   i  got   it  harder   on e  then  ray  and   joe  and  nikki    love  u  mom forever  and  always
nd  no one  cant  take  ur  place   as  a  mom   and  as  a   friend   but   me  and   regan  is    together  and me  and  him  happy   and   i  wish i   should  of   told  u    mom   but  i  did  not  know  how    to  tell  u  about  me  and  regan   we  both  love  u  and  missing  u  mom   so  much
Its been one month tomorrow and i am sitting here thinking about you man how the time has flown past the boys are doing good and i will make sure that it keeps that away i miss you and love you and i am a very proud niece
mom   me  and   regan   and  them  well   be  up  there    someday   and  here  ur   a   song   from  me  and  regan  to  u  love  u  mom kisses  and  hugs  <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGoWtY_h4xo" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGoWtY_h4xo</a>
mom today  i  cry  for  u  it  hurt  me   so  bad     i  make   regan   cry because  i   am  thinking   about  u   all  the  time  and  it  hurt  i  wish i  never  did  cry because i know how  it  hurt  me so bad  if  i  dont  cry
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hC_68nSucM" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hC_68nSucM</a> for  u  mom  love  u
ove  u  mom   and i  know  i  never   could   open   up   to   u   befor   and  i  dont  know  why  love  u
I remember when we were the three muskateers, you, me, and carol. we'd dress up, close ourselves in that downstairs small room and turn on Diana Ross music and do our rendition of her songs, like "Stop in the Name of Love"! It was silly, but we had such fun in those days, long ago, before we grew up and moved on, and started our families. Now we will wait and sing in Heaven one day! Bye.
ove you mommy and ill never forget our memories. you was so strong for us i am so very proud of you. even when you wanted to give up and stop fighting you kept going, i wish i had strength nearly as much and powerful as yours . everyone has a hero and you are mine, it hurts to know your gone, but i know you had to leave just for a small time. i will see you again. i love and miss you.
moma u left ur family to soon I know that when I was told you passed my heart just broke in two I still remember the first time I seen you I was so scared lol moma you spirit will live on in all our hearts you where like a mom to me so in a way I have lost my mom but I remember the last thing  you said to me was clean ur dam bedroom well moma my bedrooms clean now r.i.p moma :'( :'(
mom i love you you gone without saying a word to me i know you goin to heaven i hope you see me soon i hope the angle up there helps you mom i miss you so much i love you tears coming on my eyes night morning afternoon you was the most important thimng on my life mom you was the best thing i ever had i dont know why you gone mom love you mom love u moma watch over us all love ur m8 regan
mom   this  is    for  u,  i  love  u    with  all  of  my     heart   and   soul    i  know   we   have   to   be   stonge     now   for each   other  i   missed  u  mom   i never    leting  u   go    i  not   saying   good bye   to  u   we   well  meet   again   mom  just     wait  in  see     i am afford    i  well  lose  someone  elas   in   the   family    but  thayt  wont   happind
You was a great mother and person and friend to everyone.we had alot of fun together loss of  great time glad I had a chance to know you and the family GONE FOR NOW BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN LOVED I GOT TO TALK TO YOU BEFORE YOU LEFT US LOVE WONDA CAUDILL
ROSEING  IS   RED    VILTE    IS   BLUE    I  READY    LOSE   TO   WOULDERFUL    WOMENS   IN  MY   LIFE    IS   GRANDMA   AND   U   MOM THAT   WAS   MEAN   ALOT  TO   ME   IF  I   CAN   HAVE  U  BOTH   BACK     BUT  I   CANT    AND    MOM    REGAN  STILL  WANT  U     KICK   HIM   OFF    THE    BOAT    LOL   I  LOVE  U  MOM  AND  I  MISSED  U  ALOT   LOVE   UR   SON  JONATHAN
It took me by surprise to hear this news. He was a young family man and my heart goes out to his family and his extended family! I remember a cute little boy with blonde hair with a ton of energy! His name really suited him! I remember hanging out at the Smith house a lot when I was younger. I always thought he was pretty cool for a little brother. I am so Sorry you lost your Blaze! I will keep you in my thoughts and prayer's. I pray that you will find peace and joy in your loving memories! I Love you Smith Family! Sincerely, Laura (Zink) Resburg
Blaze was my little brother and as he grew up, he became my big brother too. He was always there for his family. Words cannot express how epically he touched lives and how much he will be missed. If anything I think Blaze would want us to remember just how fragile life can be and that we are all capable of "BIG LOVE". Please take opportunity to share your stories to keep his memory alive.
You are much loved Wendy, and truly heaven is a happier place with you there, however we may continue to feel the loss of your company in this world. Blessings and all good, Byron &amp; Kathy
We miss you deeply, Wendy and realize that though we have experienced sadness at your departure, we now are filled with the hope of seeing you once again in Heaven at our own departure.  So be at peace and rest securely in the knowledge that in not many years we will be joining you to be with our Heavenly Father, Christ our Saviour and the Holy Spiritl
I am saddened at the thought of your passing from this life to leave Mike and Matthew who now have to live without you being physically present to them.  I feel certain that you are now in heaven with our God and will live on eternally in his love.  That makes me very happy for you and though Mike and Matthew are without your physical presence, they will continue to carry your spiritual presence throughout their lives until they meet up with you again at their passing.  May you rest in peace Wendy.  Please say a prayer for all of us.  Thank you, it means a lot to me.
You are ever in our prayers, Wendy.  May you be at peace with God and pray for us also. Blessings and all good, Byron &amp; Kathy
You are ever in  my prayers, Wendy.  You are missed and loved and we take heart that you are in Heaven with our Heavenly Father.  We have a place in our heart which is especially for you.  We long to see you again, when our own time of departure from this world takes place.
Dear Wendy, my beautiful and loving niece: Oh how I miss you!  It has been 3 years since we lost you and there is not a day that goes by that I do not think of you. You are always forever in my heart and soul! I realize that your pain is over and that you are resting peacefully with God and your Dad, John but that does not stop the ache I have missing you and your beautiful smile and your contagious laugh! We will meet again soon Wendy! I love you with all my heart, Rest in Peace Wendy Love, Hugs and Kisses Aunt Kathy xoxox
My deepest condolences to family, friends, and relatives. May she rest in peace.
To my beautiful first niece Wendy! It is your birthday today Wendy and you would have been 45 years young!  Oh, how I miss you so much!  Your beautiful smile, your loving heart and our telephone conversations with a contagious laugh that shook the world! I think of you each and every day Wendy! You are and always will be in my daily thoughts and in my heart forever! Happy Birthday kiddo!  Have a great time with your Dad in heaven together!  Rock Heaven today!! Until we meet again I love you and miss you so much! Aunt Kathy xoxoxox
My deepest condolences to Kathy Samson, family, and friends. Paul De Marsh
Kathy and I both love you and miss you.  We always hope that Mike and Matthew are getting along okay - though we know all too well how they must miss you terribly. May you be at peace with and in God. We hope to see you again in the not too distant future. Love &amp; Hugs Byron &amp; Kathy
Dear Wendy, We lost you 2 years ago today and it was like it was just yesterday!  I miss you dearly and you are with me always in my thoughts and in my prayers ! Love you forever kiddo !! Love, Hugs and Kisses Aunt Kathy
Every time I think of you being gone, it saddens me to know that you are no longer with us.  However, I feel that you are now in Heaven with Our Lord.  You are ever in my prayers and your family misses you very much. Love &amp; Hugs, forever.
Happy Birthday Wendy !  I miss you dearly ! Until we meet again, Love, Hugs and Kisses Aunt Kathy
Like Kathy, I love Wendy very much and know how much she is missed by Mike and her son Matthew.  You are all on my prayer list and are there forever.  God bless you and give you comfort.
Today marks the 1 year anniversary of Wendy passing away. Let us all take a moment and REMEMBER our Wendy! I miss her dearly and will always remember her infectious laugh and beautiful smile!  I miss her phone calls and hearing her voice but I do know that she is safe in the arms of God and her dad John.  Love you forever Wendy!
Rest in peace dear Wendy. I do miss your lovely smile and the happiness in your voice. I am so glad you are no longer in pain. Until we meet again!!!!     Love always Pat Logan
Wendy will never be forgotten
I love you so much Wendy and I miss you more today.  You will forever be in my heart and I know that you are safe and most importantly pain free with your dad's arms wrapped around you! We will meet again some day, I know you will be waiting for me with open arms kiddo! Love,
We are so sorry to hear about the death of Mr. Smith.  I got to know him and Pat when they ran the florist.  Our thought's and prayer's go out to Pat and the family. God Bless You All!!
Pat, Please know our thoughts and prayers are with you and the family. I know every trip to Butner Florist was welcoming and warm.  Lynne remembers buying a charm bracelet from Lewis with her first bonus. Please stop by whenever you are in town. Praying for you.                           Yvette Davis, Jeff and Lynne
Pat sorry to hear of passing of your beloved spouse.  Prayers are with the family at this time.
Pat:  I  am  so  sorry to  hear  about  Lewis.  I  did  not  get  all  the  information  until  late  Wednesday  night.   Eddie and Lewis and I,  of  course,  grew  up  together,  and  I loved  them  both so  very  much. I was  about 7 years  older  than  Lewis.  I  still  have  fond  memories  of  the  fishing  trip  Grady and  I  had  with  you  and  Lewis.   Pat,  May God Bless. Thelma.
Jamie, Michaele, Pat, Megan, Courtney and Jay, We are so sorry for your loss. I didn't know Lewis well but knew how much you loved him. I am thankful that he is no longer in pain. You are blessed with a strong faith that will help get you through this difficult time.May God wrap His healing wings around you. You are in our hearts &amp; prayers. Love Paula and Blake
PAT, We were so sorry to hear of Mr Lewis's passing. Our heart goes out to you and your family. He was of my favorite people, as are you.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you. Robin
Oh Pat, Jamie, Michaele,and other family members,we are so sad to hear about Lewis. You are in our thoughts and prayers. Pat, Momma often speaks of the fun ya'll had as kids. She loves you and is so sad that she is unable to attend the funeral. Lewis will be missed by so many. May his memories comfort you, during this time. Love Glenda, Rickey, Casey, Kelly and Rachel
Pat and Jamie.....although I have not seen you all in a long time, I want to express my deepest sympathy to you, and to your extended family and friends, for your loss.  My family is remembering you in our prayers as the Lord walks you through this time of grief.....JoAnn Smith-Harmon (Penny)
We are all deeply sadden with Lewis's passing and pray for peace and comfort for Pat and the family at this time of loss.  He will be sorely missed and fondly remembered
Pat and Jamie,    We are all so sorry to hear about Lewis.  Our prayers are with all of the family.  We ask for comfort at this time and the times ahead. We love you all.   Alex and Ellen Poe
Dear Pat and family of Lewis Smith, We are so sorry to hear of  the death of this well loved man. May God drant you each "peace".
Pat, we were so sorry to hear about Lewis. May God grant you and all of his loved ones "peace".
Dear Pat, Jamie and family we are sadden for your family during  this time of sorrow.  We send our prayers and condolences. Rick &amp; Janet Love and family.
I loved my Uncle Lewis growing up.  We shared birthdays and he called me to wish me a happy birthday even into adulthood.  Somehow we lost touch but he was always in the memories we shared. He will be missed. Lewis, you will always be in my heart. RIP. Love to those he left behind.
Daddy and I are so sorry for your loss Pat.  You and your family are all in our prayers.  I was so glad to see that you had so much love from your neighbors.  Lewis never met a stranger, he made everyone feel like a friend and that spirit will stay with you.  We love you, Gay
Pat and family so sorry to hear about Lewis .Our prayers are with you all at this time of sorrow.
I know I did not get to know you Laura, but I am sure, we would have gotten along great, don't worry we all are keeping Cathy strong as we can for you, I do wish we could have meet, rest well, maybe at some point, we will all meet.
Laura had a beautiful soul, heart, and mind. She was a lovely person who cherished Cathy to the depths of her soul. A long-term friend to the furry kind she adored animals; and had many flock to her as soon as they met her. She will be bitterly missed by all who loved her on Earth as her soul passes through the veil to the other side. The love she and Cathy shared is unmatched...
Unfortunately I came into your life too late ... I wish I could have known you and know your memory will live on very long inside your lady's loving heart.  You are missed and were loved.
I never forget the days when I used to see Donna and Aunt edie chumming with one another at Grampa culp's Place when her Mom and my Grandfather were married. Just think of the both of them having Tea with one another up in the high heavens and enjoying each others company alongside with my Mom laura and Great Grama Nellie. May god rest your soul Cousin Donna.
Hello my dear sister❤️
By the way, just a note for anybody who visits this website. You can leave tributes for Donna , pictures, flowers etc. I am having a difficult time to get her site up and running, so I could sure use help from anyone , that is what this memorial is for. Thanks to you all.We need as many pictures as we can add plus memories of days gone by.
My dearest sister, it's the two year anniversary of your untimely death, and your absence in my life is so painful I don't think it will ever leave me. I might not have told you, but I want you to know how you were my biggest inspiration over the years and how I always looked up to you as my big sister. I can't bere the thought of going home for a visit and not seeing you and staying with you in Orville. We shared such great laughter and good times together doing things over the years, I would give anything to re-live them. You will never be too far away because I will always hold you close in my heart sis, and I know when my time is near, you will be there to take my hand and show me the way home like always.....(don't forget your brush)...xo
I have decided to set up this tribute in memory of our dear sister Donna who passed away from a lengthly illness in August 2012. My heart is heavy with sadness from the loss , life no longer has the same meaning now that your gone.You were a big inspiration in my life , I can't put into words how much you are missed and someday soon, you and I will rest together side by side, forever. xo
Another birthday has gone by without you here in our lives.  10 years I know that you have walked with me, watched over me, and loved me.  I see your little tokens in many areas of my life.  I love you Pops.  Kisses
Since the time of my birth I do believe that we had a special connection that sometimes got crossed.  But in the end you were still teaching me the right and wrong's of life, and I could never get one over on you.  We spent many hours together and you are missed terribly.  I know that you walk with me now as I continue on my life....we will cross paths one day
It has been five years, but your beautiful smile and the sound of your laughter are still here with us.  Sharon and I visit you often and we know you are with us.
Four years have passed and you are in my thoughts e every day,love and miss you!!
Happy Birthday Doyle, love and miss you  so much..
Its been 3 years now since you went to Heaven. You are now my ANGEL. I know you are here with me and watching over me everyday.It has been so hard without you. Just remember i Love and Miss you so much.
Happy 70th Birthday, Love and Miss You so much
Happy 70th Birthday my Dear Friend !
Today has been 2 years since you passed and you will forever be in my heart. I will never get over losing you but I will go on and will keep your memory alive. Love and Miss You
Happy Birthday Sweetie!! I will always love and miss you.... Love you Forever
We cannot send you a birthday card; your hand we cannot touch...But GOD will take our greetings...thinking of you on your Birthday !"
Your are missed so much and my heart is filled with sorrow. I know your watching over me and that you loved me so much. We have so many memories that i will carry with me forever. Love and Miss you
p Doyle you are missed by our family!  We will always cherish the memories!
Happy Birthday Sweetheart !! I Love and Miss You so much..
YOU" coming into our lives was a great gift for so many and Today, with us, on your Birthday, the Heavens are celebrating the great gift to them...."YOU". Happy Birthday Dear Friend, Doyle !
I love and miss you more than you know. You will always be in my heart and your memory will be with m forever.    Love You Sweetie
I will always remember you as a great person and dear friend. I sure do miss you very much! Love your friend,  Ruth
To my Beloved Son Timmy SGT Timothy Michael Smith Happy 33rd Heavenly Birthday..
Timmy miss your smile and amazing laugh, l wear my hero's bracelet with pride everyday.
Timmy miss your smile and amazing laugh, l wear my hero's bracelet with pride everyday.
Tim,    I have worn your memorial t-shirt at least twice a week since 2011. You are seen everywhere and often. Thank you for your service, your spirit, and your sacrifice to our nation. You are among the few, the brave, the proven. I salute you!!    Forever a part of our nation, Commander Dennis Baker, US Navy (ret)
Happy 32nd Birthday to my Beloved Son Timmy Smith, SGT Timothy Michael Smith, TDOH, Smitty
I think of you every day. I wear your t-shirt with GREAT pride and remember the sacrifice that you made for others and for your country. You will be in my heart forever.    With great admiration, Commander Dennis Baker, US Navy (ret)
To My Loving Son Timmy I Love and Miss you with All My Heart
Happy birthday to you son. We miss you so much.
I miss you, cuz. I still think about the day I told you I was pregnant, and how you laughed that I was so tiny and that I might rip in half, or how you yelled at me on the phone for not adding you on Facebook. I wish you could have met Layla. She would have loved you. Say hello to evasive up there for me. Love you ♥
Happy Veterans Day little cousin, you are always in my thoughts.  You have given me so many memories I will cherish till my time is up here on Earth.  I will see you again! Love you
There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of you and how much I miss your smile, goofy laugh... Today marks 4 years since you went home to be with our Lord. I love you so much, and so very proud of you!   I miss you. AMH.  Momma
Its spring time again son . The tree's are in bloom and that means that the butterfly's are on their way . We once again will watch for the blue one's knowing that is when you are here with us . Thank you for we know that you are the angel watching over us with love . Poppa .
Happy Birthday Brandon , we miss you so very much . Thank you for the memories that we cling to of you . They are what keeps us secure in the fact that we will all be together in heaven some day . Love you son .
Happy Birthday Brandon, my hero. I think of you all the time. You are not forgotten son. Thank you for being you. You were, and still are, a true blessing!! I love you, and miss you with all my heart!
The Lord sent us an Angel and for 24 years we watched that Angel grow into a kind , caring , compassionate , wonderful man . We are so honored to have been the three people closest to your heart . We will never ever forget how you loved and lived on your own terms . For you are our Brandon , our Poppydu , our son and brother . Our Angel .
This  candle is lit in memory of one of the finest young men i ever knew. Love and miss you more than words can say.
3rd platoon will never forget you, brother R.I.P........ I will never forget the hair cuts and the guitar playing and the times you kick me in the face while sleeping old times but never forgotten.......3rd platoon...
Rest in Peace Hero,Our Grateful Nation Salutes You. Welcome Home
The greatest man I have ever known. The greatest father there ever was.  I miss him so much and was blessed to have called him my dad. I have so many great memories to hold close in my heart until we meet again.
Gary was the best brother-in-law I could have had.  We had such a good time together.  I remember when I was 16 going to Danville to watch him bowl.  He had such a pretty curve and was a real good bowler.  He belonged in a league and was enjoyable watching him bowl.  He loved his kids especially Susie.  He loved to have family gatherings.  He was the slowest eater I have ever seen.  Lv him
He loved to talk about his playing football, basketball, and running track in high school.  I would stay with them in my teens and would laugh all night.  He enjoyed playing poker with his friends and never new a stranger.  I'm a much better person knowing him.  I miss him alot.
Miss my dad more than words can express. He never had a stray animal and would feed the hitch hikers if seen. He worl eighty hours a week with four hours of sleep a day to supprot his family. When he got home every morning, he would do all his figuring and would be able to tell you how much he brought home down to the cent after taxes.
He would love it when one of us would walk in so he could tell us about his long night journey. His talent to the piano was un beleivable. Heard many times he was one of the best. He loved Rag Time "Scott Joplin". His favorite day of the week was sunday when everyone was welcome to come and joinus in meal and good conversation. He never ran out of Jokes.
If any of the jokes consist of vowel language, he would ask that I leave the room.He always told me fall was his most deppressing time of year because everything was dying away. He was amazed by the stars. One of the last things us Kids bought him was a telescope. His favorite wood was mahagomy. He loved to refurnish pianos. His favortie time of year was mushroom season.
He always took his vacation time from work that time of year. I really wish his grandkids could have met him. he would have been soo proud. The way he felt about Kinman was unbeileivable. He could see the love in his eyes and touch, so sad he passed when Kinman was only a year and a half. I know he looks down on us from time to time and smiles:) I could go on and on. Miss and love ya dad!
To the greatest friend ,father ,husband and supporter their could possibly be. We love you with all our hearts.Still miss you everyday.I hear your music in my heart everyday.
Happy Mothers Day in Heaven. Love you....
Happy Valentines Day my beautiful daughter Jordan.
Happy new year Jordy.   Miss you !
Merry Christmas Jordan  I love you and wish you were here today. xoxo
Miss you and love you lots! Merry Christmas !
ove you....
Happy Thanksgiving! wish you were here.
Happy Birthday, Jordan!!  So lucky to have such a wonderful mom and dad!!  They miss you everyday of their lives!!
Happy Birthday Jordan, I love you. xoxoxoxoxo
Happy birthday Jordy! I miss you with all my heart!
Tomorrow you will be 23, in my mind and heart you will always be 17.  Happy Birthday. I'm making hamburger gravy over mash potatoes for you. Love and miss you!
I love you and I miss you everyday.
Hey deb! I talk to your sister everyday! She sounds a lot like you on the phone! We talk about you often and it's nice to reminisce about old times! I think about you so much! It's still hard to believe you are gone! But not forgotten! Your girls are so busy, lives are changing every second! You will have 4 grand babies soon! You would be proud! ❤ Happy birthday!
Hi mom, I was just talking about you and it just made me want to cry. I miss you and love you so very much. Well Justin and I got married on July 3rd and are expecting a baby in August, and i really wish that you were here, but i know that you are happy for me. Everyone misses you so much, and still can't believe that you are gone, but just know that everyone thinks about you everyday.
You were a very good mother and I am glad that we were really close. I wish that you weren't gone but i know in my heart that you are not really gone, because you are always here in my mind and heart. I have not taken off your in loving memory bracelet that i made for you when you passed away. You mean so much to me and I love you more then anything in this world. I miss you so much
We found Connie passed away while trying to find her telephone number to inform her that a Lhasa puppy we purchased from her in 1997 just passed away. Nikki lived 16 years 2 months and had a very healthy life.  About 8 months ago, she started to go blind and deaf. She learned to cope and lasted another 8 months before she lost control of her bladder.  We miss her very much Bill &amp; Bill Rahm
o my dearest sister in law who is forever missed an loved wishing you a very happy birthday know your celebrating it today with all the family see you in our lords heavenly peaceful gardens someday      you are always in thoughts , prayers, heart &amp; soul forever r.i.p. &gt;3
hat im unable to see your face, But I know your up in heaven with the rest of the loved ones we all have lost &amp; miss. I wish i had the chance to say goodbye, but God took you from us as surprise. So until we meet again, say hello to the rest of the fam, and continue to watch over all of us, until we meet again.I llove you auntie and you will forever always be in my heart&lt;3  R.i.P *xoxo* (5/24/54
To one of the best aunts i ever had, Connie Bingschusz/Smith, I believe it was not your time to go, but it is not up to me who goes and who stays on this earth. I will forever cherish the times i have spent with you in this life. i will never forget the sound of your voice, the warmth of your hugs, and the memories we have shared since i was a little girl. I Miss you even more now
o a great sister in law who will greatly missed your smile, your laugh ,your love god has taken you to heaven to awaiting families an friends love never dies or for forgets in my thought heart an soul forever
You are missed  by all, you where a  mum in a million, life is so hard just now without you, cant believe you are not here celebrating your birthday that,s coming up, instead of us buying you presents we are buying you memorial for your grave side, a know your at peace now and with your family, but you have left a big big hole here, &amp; we are all missing you dearly,love you so much.
Grandma Betty was all about love. Love of family, love of nature, love of the world. Her joy and her smile were infectious. She had the most endearing Maine accent that I can still hear saying "Jocie." She touched so many lives and will be deeply missed by her family and friends. I am so blessed to have had her as my grandma and I am trying to find comfort in knowing she is with Papa again
I created this site so everyone can share there love of betty.and photos
Miss and love you so much grandma
To the women that gave so much love and inspiration                            LEAFLADY
n my heart you will all ways stay
Dear Becky and Debbie, Tony and I were so sorry to hear about Mr. Calvin passing.  He was so special to us and I have so many childhood memories of him.  I will never forget the pranks he and my dad played on each other.  We will keep you in our prayers.
To the family of Mr. Glenn Smith from the family of Jack Hamrick.  Our dad worked at the Foundry when Mr. Smith was at Batson Cook.  We did not find out of his death until after the funeral, but send our condolences to all family members.  Dad was fond of Mr. Smith.  We all live out of town now and sometimes miss happenings in the Valley.
Cookie: I miss you every day. You have so many people you mean so much to! Your friends know the great, good, bad and the ugly about you and still,LOVE, LOVE, LOVE you!! CHEERS TO YOU LEAVING THE "MATERIAL" WORLD WITH GRACE, COURAGE, SMILES, HUGS, and LOVE.
Sitting here remembering Cooki brings joyful tears to me as she would tell our mutual friend Amy how every time she saw me she always wanted to hug me. HERE'S TO YOU COOKI! A FOREVER ETERNAL HUG GOES OUT TO YOU. I LOVE YOU AND WILL MISS YOU ETERNALLY!
Cooki...I will always love you.  You always spoke the truth whether at the time I wanted to hear it...you were one of the most honest people I knew.  I will miss you and have told your family I want to keep in touch with them.  You will always live in my heart...Rest in peace my dear friend.
In honor of Cooki, we wanted to create a place where friends can share their thoughts and memories together. ...
I never got the chance to met you.  I wish I could have but I didn't.  Rest in paradise auntie!!  God has you by his side!!
I didn't know Carol personally but because of my daughter Michele Poff I know she was a good lady. I know she was well respected and loved by all that knew her. Respect isn't something that's given, It's earned, and I believe she earned all the respect she got. God Love her.
To my Beautiful wife I thank you for the life we lived the amazing love we shared. You took my heart at first sight and will hold it for eternity. I LOVE YOU
my sister carol is the " BEST " in the world  i love you very much and miss you so much i love you sis Bob
September 23rd 1954 - February. 2nd 2013. Mom 'Carol 'was an amazing mother, wife 'partner' and grandma.
Carol, was one of the best and most kindest people I have ever met and I am glad that she was a part of our lives for the last 14 years and I will miss her greatly.  Y ou will always have a special place in my heart.
Happy Birthday Mum
Happy Birthday Mum. You would have love to celebrate being 85 today.  xxx
5 years today...Just hope you are resting in peace...
Happy Birthday Mum, I remember how you loved to celibrate this day.
4 years ago today you gave up the struggle and pain and left us here. I hope you found some happiness and comfort as you hoped you would.
Happy Birthday Mum.
Mum, 3 years ago today you left us, I hope you have found the peace you were hoping for. I hope also that both you and Bill are aware that Derek &amp; Pearl took some of you ashes back to Schonies and that your friends there still remember you fondly. Rest in Peace
This is an Invitation to anyone who remembers Betty Smith who used to live in Marine Drive in  Schoenies  (SCHOENMAKERSKOP) .  Friends and neighbours, all welcome. Please share with any of her friends. I do not have contact details for many.  There will be a remembrance / ashes scattering on Thursday 23rd October 2014 at 6pm at the bottom of Periwinkle lane, opposite 116 Marine Drive on the small common.
Happy Birthday Mum  x
In memory of Mum, it is two years now and I hope you found what you were hoping to find on the other side.
Farewell, Betty. Peace and happiness be with you always.
RIP Mum may you rest free from pain and happy again.
flower for you. its Spring. love you always
I still miss you so much. also hope you had a great birthday in heaven
I miss you so much I wish you were here with me right now. I have so much that I want to tell you. You have been gone 2 years but it feels like a life time. I Miss and love you so aunt Becky.
Just Wishing you a happy birthday! I know if you were here we would be having so much fun. Love you FOREVER IN MY HEART!!!!!
for you Reba Jean
I love and miss u so much aunt Becky
Rebecca I miss you so much, Wishing you were here.  Today has been One Year Since Your Passing, And it still seems Like Yesterday That I talked with you, hugged you and heard you say I LOVE YOU SIS!!!  I so miss that. I LOVE YOU, Susan
MY SISTER, MY FRIEND
Happy 95th Birthday Mom! Your 88 (almost 89) years of life in this world made a difference. You touched the lives of many people; your family and friends, co-workers, piano students and the people who used to come to listen to you play the piano at the old Padre. Your life had a purpose and you left your mark in this world. Though you have been gone for six years, the influence you had on so many carries on, and that is a tremendous tribute to the life you lived. I love you mom and miss you. Happy Birthday!
It's hard to believe that six years has gone by. You are forever in my heart. I miss you Mom. Love you always, your daughter
Happy 94th Birthday! This will be a hot dog and lemon meringue pie day in your honor. We love and miss you mom – Always, your daughter
You are always in my heart. I miss you mom. Love, your daughter
Never forgotten my son i miss you your smile,jojes,laughter,dabcjbg around the house  with the broom, smiling  even when u were sad  u have left behind a family that loved you , love momma until I see you again Dougie, My Heart is broken my tears are flowing,
Happy Birthday Mom; we will eat hot dogs and lemon meringue pie in honor of your special day. We love and miss you. Always, your daughter
Remembering you and your legacy of music and love, Aunt Linda. This chain of tributes is a wonderful testimony of the family love and dedication that you nurtured in your children and grandchildren. I hope to get to California this year and visit with Gerda and others.
Mom, I can hardly believe four years has gone by since you passed away; there have been so many life changes in that time. You were such an emotional support to all of your children, I can only hope you knew how important you were to us. I love you and miss you terribly. Always, your daughter
I’m saddened to say that your oldest son Paul has died. I can’t help but think about his last trip here when you were sick; we knew that it would be his last visit to see you, but I had no idea it would be the last visit that we would see him.
Happy Mother’s Day Mom! I love you and miss you, but you are always in my heart. Your daughter
Happy 92nd Birthday Mom; it’s going to be a beautiful day in honor of you. We love you!
Can't believe it's been three years! Miss you Mima! Love you always!
Though you have sorely been missed this past three years, you are nonetheless very much a part of everyday life. There have even been moments when I’ve smelled the scent of your Jean Nate’ Cologne and knew that you were right here. We love you Mom.
Happy Mother's Day Mom, you are truly loved and missed! Always, Your Daughter
Mom, I went to the “Celebration of Life” gathering today of our long-time family friend, Glen Jones. I was so happy to see faces of those who spent many hours at our house when the boys and I were growing up. Your name was mentioned and you were spoken of so very fondly; I wanted you to know that. All my love always xxx
Today would have been your 91st birthday. We will celebrate the life you lived, and we will eat your traditional birthday meal of hot dogs and lemon meringue pie:) Happy Birthday Mom! We love and miss you
It's hard to believe two years has gone by since you passed away. A lot has happened in that time, but you already know that since you're always there watching over us:) We love and miss you Mom. -  Your Family
Your legacy of love and music lives on in your wonderful family. I am sorry I did not visit my Aunt Linda and Uncle Russell very often. I hope you and Russell have met my darling Joan by now. Please keep smiling on us and help us keep music in our lives.
Stopped in today and enjoyed the new pictures of my lovely "Mima." I cried. I can't believe two years ago I said goodbye. I love you so much Mima and miss you terribly. I know you're enjoying heaven. :-)
It’s Chanukah Mom, the celebration of overcoming a great struggle. I could not celebrate this holiday without remembering the struggles you overcame and became stronger through. You are my inspirational candle in this beautiful Holiday of Light. We love and miss you Mom.
I can't believe this is the second Thanksgiving without you Mom
Our cousin Don has added a number of Smith-family photos to the gallery here at Mom’s Memorial. Seeing old photographs of Mom is a reminder of how some things never changed in her life; (e.g.) Mom always wore a dress. Up to the day when she was no longer able to get up and get dressed, she wore a dress. And as pretty as she was in the old photographs, mom continued to receive compliments, even at age eighty-eight, on how pretty her legs were. Heartfelt thanks goes to my cousin Don Smith for adding such lovely memories to Mom’s Memorial.
Dear Gerda, dear Family, You don't know me - I just stumbled through Forever Missed to your Mother's site - but I feel like I know you, and Linda Lee now.  Gerda's heartfelt stories make me happy thinking of my own mother and grandmother. I also get a sense that Gerda is a wonderful person, just like her mother. Bless you all! -- Claire
Valentines Day reminds me of your favorite cologne and candies, but when I think about real love, I will always remember the sacrifices you made and dreams you put on hold; I wish you wouldn't have had to do that Mom, but thank you! All my love always – your daughter
Happy Birthday Mima; it's hard to believe this would have been your 90th. We're going to plant another flower in your garden in honor of this special day. We think of you all the time Mom and.miss you dearly
Happy Birthday my dearest grandmother, Mima! Can hardly believe you're gone. You're in my heart every day and I love you so much and miss you dearly. I know you're in heaven--in no more pain and probably playing the piano! xoxoxo
On this 1st anniversary of Mom’s passing; she would want to be remembered for the person that she was; a friend to many, a mom, grandmother, sister and aunt; she was a piano teacher and the pianist for one of the nicest piano lounges in town, and until she was forced to retire at age 85, she was a faithful employee at a local hotel. These are the ways that she touched the lives of others, and would want to be remembered in that same light.
We went to the cemetery to view the plaque on Mom’s niche. Though it was a sad reminder that Mom has died, I choose to think of Mom’s physical body as being like a chrysalis, and a beautiful butterfly has been set free.
There are no words to express how difficult this first Thanksgiving without Mom is going to be.  But it would truly dishonor her memory if this special day were to be spent dwelling on her death, when Mom was so very thankful for her life.
It was one year ago today when the first symptom of having cancer showed, and life as we knew it would be forever changed. If I could delete a day from time, that would be the day.  We miss you Mom!
The apricots that you waited so long to enjoy are now ripe enough to harvest. As happy as I am that the time has finally come, I’m sad to think that this first year of eating its fruit won’t be shared by you. But it will always be a very special tree, and we’ve lovingly named it, the Linda Lee. We love you mom!
Thank you for helping me to become the person that I am. And even though you’re gone now, your influence will always remain as a driving force in all that I am destined to do. You used to tell me that I am my mother’s daughter; I can honestly say that those words have never meant more than they do now. I miss you terribly Mom, not only on this Mother’s Day, but every day. I love you dearly
I would like to thank the Bakersfield Californian Newspaper for sending the beautiful plaque with mom's photo and the announcement of her passing, "The Beautiful Piano." The plaque sits proudly on the piano that mom spent many hours making beautiful music on. What a lovely keepsake. Thank you so much!
Chag Sameach Mom. This is our first Passover without you. I felt sad to prepare only two binders, instead of three, for this week’s Passover readings. It’s not the same without you here. We love and miss you deeply.
My thoughts and prayers for Gerda and family.
Missing you tonight Mima! Xoxo! You were always there for me. I love you...
This afternoon, mom’s ashes will be put in their final resting place next to my dad. There‘s something heartwarming about that, being that today is Valentines Day. Dad always did something special for mom on Valentines Day.
I am sorry I never met Linda. She was a beautiful woman who touched the lives of many. May she play forever.
Happy birthday mom, and gung hay fat choy! These twelve days that you’ve been gone have been the worst days of my life. I miss you terribly, and the only thing that gives me comfort is knowing that you’re in Good Hands, in a much better place, and not suffering anymore. I love you mom! Always and forever, your loving daughter, Gerda
Happy Birthday Mima, I really miss you. Love You Forever, Phil
growing up at your house was a everyday thing,its what we did after school and on weekends. paul and i worked out every day in the garage,to the turn of the piano.we all hade the best of times,but life goes on and i miss all my friensd,love to talk to paul someday. roger
Although Charlie &amp; I only had the pleasure of meeting your mom once, we remember her beautiful smile and friendly manner. Gerda you are a beautiful testimony and tribute to your mom! You are in our prayers. May God's strength, peace and comfort be yours!! We love you Gerda...Charlie &amp; Ginger Babb
Within the Torah portion for the day that mom passed away are the words that God spoke to Moses, “And how I carried you on eagle’s wings, and brought you to Myself.” How fitting is that?  Shabbat Shalom Mom
Your mother tried her hardest to teach me and my sisters to play the piano. Through no fault of her own it didn't take. My mother, Ruth, and your mother were best friends when we lived in Lebec. I remember good times visiting your house and will always remember her and her mashed potatoes with fondness. My mother passed away in 2010. My heart is with all of you.
What a beautiful tribute, Gerda.   God be with you.  Sincerely, Ann Silver
I will miss her nightly piano playing. She referred to it as her legacy she was leaving me. Xoxo
Mom was not only my mother, she was my dearest friend. I will miss my mother terribly, but I’m going to be lost without my dear friend. I love you mom. You're in a better place.
You were the most generous person I have ever known. You loved people and you loved God.  You were the greatest cook &amp; everyone was always welcome at our table. As mother &amp; daughter we had our differences but you were always there for me. I can still can remember that laugh of yours &amp; your wonderful sense of adventure
Another year passed again, and another birthday.  You must be listening in on my conversations as you were the topic of my recalling Thanksgiving in northcentral Iowa years ago.  What a blast we all had, sharing all sorts of crazy stories.  Most were even true!  Miss our long winded phone calls.  Hang in there Gunny Jean.
Happy B-day Dad.....miss u a lot!!
HAPPY BIRTH DAY DAD!! LOVE YOU SOOO MUCH AND MISS YOU!!!
BARRY,It's hard to believe it has been almost 4 years since you left us. But we are slowly starting to join you and the rest of the old Foxes. Keep some room for us. I miss our talks. Gunny Jean, You take care and stay well. Semper Fi.
Happy Birthday, Barry.  You will always be missed my childhood friend and Marine brother.  I miss the chats we had recalling all the days gone by.  You are in good hands now, without all the aches and pains.  You guys are slowly ganging up so I expect one hell of a reunion when I finally make the trip to the other side.  Semper fi
Another year in the books Barry...you are missed. But other Foxe's are joining you as time passes. Semper Fi Barry.
Happy birthday DAD. Miss you....lone u!!!
We all miss you but time is passing away quickly and we will be joining you soon to our have our "Big Reunion".  You friend, brother and Comrad in arms.  Semper Fi
BARRY, I STILL MISS YOU EVERYDAY.THERE HAVE BEEN MANY TIMES I WANTED TO EMAIL YOU TO LET YOU KNOW HOW THINGS ARE GOING. BUT I CAN'T. I LOVE YOU AND PRAY FOR YOU EVERY DAY. SEMPER FI MY FRIEND
It is one year since our beloved brother passed and he is and always will be missed.  He touch so many people and had them come together to unite the Fox family.  Today the number still grows for those of us who are still here.  We thank him for all the things he did and our Love goes out to Gunny Jean and her family. God Bless
Happy Birthday, bro', you are not forgotten.
One year has passed since we lost a TRUE Fox. Barry..always remembered, always missed. My thoughts go out to you, Gunny Jean, on this day and always. Strength and guidance.
Remembering a true Marine....a true Fox. Barry, you will always be missed. You helped so many people in so many ways. My deepest condolences to you, Gunny Jean, on this Memorial Day.
We are sorry for your loss,Barry is greatly missed. our thoughts and prayers are with your family. never forgotten..... Semper Fi Barry,                                                                  Your Brother, Jesse Alcozer                                                                               68-69
My cousin, Nelson Matlock, served with Fox 2/7 and was killed in action in 1967 when I was 10 years old.   A few years ago, I wanted to learn more about Nelson, and the person who first stepped up to help was Barry.  He helped me locate many of Nelson's comrades, and I will never forget his kindness and help. You and Fox 2/7 have lost a great man.  May God bless you and yours.   MW
I'm not a "fox" however, I am someone who was touched by this great man. From the 1st time I met Mr. Smith, his intellect, wisdom &amp; humor were evident. Being a history lover and a daughter of a military man, I enjoyed his marine stories &amp; relished in his wise advise...and he always ended with a funny line. I only wish there was more time for more stories. May you Rest In Peace
Barry my brother you will Truely be missed my friend Till we meet again at Heavens gates Guard Our Path To You And Our Fox Family Semper Fi Marine Fox 2/7 1968
Semper Fi. Barry.  I know you will guard the gates of heaven with the same tenacity you served Fox 2/7 here on earth. My heartfelt sympathy to Jean and family.  If there is anything you need please feel free to call on me and Judi.  We are at 202 Golf Aire Blvd., Winter Haven FL.  218-393-4679.  God Bless the Smith Family
Uncle Barry was one of the greatest men I have had the honor of knowing. I can't think of a time he wasn't doing whatever was necessary to help his fellow man. His memory lives on in the hearts of all he has touched. Our sincerest condolences, Ben, Veronica, and Kailyn.
Top, I met Barry in 08.he always treated me like a long lost friend.He found answers too many questions. He gently urged &amp; helped me deal with the maze that is the VA.Barry is a kind and gentle soul.He is the face of fox.Barry you have stood your last formation.Report to the gates,assume your post until relieved.Fair seas and prevailing winds be with you to your final posting Semper Marine
I was attached to F 2/7 as battalion radio operator from 66-67 and was invited to the reunions by Barry.  He &amp; Jean always made Eileen and I part of the Fox family at all the events  As long as there are Foxes Barry will always be remembered. Semper Fi Barry
I had several opportunities to meet Barry, who filled the room with joy and laughter. What an amazing father and grandfather. Prayers for the family and friends who lost such a great man.
Barry and I married sisters and have known him for over 45.  We've had many good time over the years.  He is definitely going to be missed!
Jean and Matt, you have our condolences.  We will forever miss Barry's exceptional sense of humor and ability to always make us feel special when we had the opportunity to spend time with him.  We will miss him greatly -- Mike and Renee
Barry was the glue that held our F 2/7 family together. He had a way of making all of us feel welcome and included. We will miss him. Thanks to Matt and Jean for putting up this website with photos.
Condolences from Linda and I. We were blessed to have known Barry and I regret not getting to know him better. I only spent a short time wih Fox in Nam but connecting and meeting Barry and you was special. He was so dedicated to helping his fellow Marines, I will miss him and may he rest in peace, SEMPER FI and God Bless
Semper Fi my friend....I'll miss you and I'll always remember both the tough times and the good times we shared. Steve Scott 2nd Bn, 7th Marines
We will miss Barry,he was a stand up guy,he pulled my husband Nelson Randall onto the helicopter after he was shot in Vietnam. He was able to contact us just before the reunion in San Diego, we were so happy to go. Semper Fi Barry we love you.
It was with great sadness that I heard of Barrys passing I was with Barry in Vietnam 1967-68,but actually didnt know each other, as I was attached with 106s.Semper Fi my friend
In Branson in 2011, Barry (among others) insisted I sign up with VA.  Subsequently and due to the VA's discovery, I have had prostate surgery and December 19 was pronounced cancer-free.  I am so grateful.  I served with Barry in '66 - '67 in Da Nam Foxtrot, and I will miss him.  Gunny Jean, you have my condolences.  I was proud to be Barry's friend.
Barry and I went on a few patrols together in Nam. Seemed like it would never end, but it did. Job well done Barry. To the lives that could and should have been To the days long past, but ever near To the stories of times way back when To the men who share all those tears
St. Peter just let another guard in; Here's health to you and to our Corps Which we are proud to serve  In many a strife we've fought for life  And never lost our nerve; If the Army and the Navy Ever look on Heaven's scenes;  They will find the streets are guarded  By United States Marines.
I was there before Barry but got to know him at the early reunions. Barry was blessed with the power of keeping the family together. I am so sorry to hear of the loss. Remember one thing, As long as we remember, then that person has never really gone away. God Bless you Barry and I'll catch up with you at a later date. Semper Fi my brother. Botch          God Bless The Marines
Barry did so much for us Foxes. More than any man could have put forth, or would even consider.He was a true Marine/Fox.He kept us up to date on any info pertaining to Viet vets.Something a lot of us would never have known about otherwise.I met Barry once,at the Fredericksburg reunion.It was my pleasure and honor to meet this  man that meant so much. RIP Marine
”Barry personified our credo ”Semper Fi”. He was always there to support, encourage and share his time. When I retired from the Naval Hospital Jacksonville, Barry was there. I had only made contact with him about a month before. He was always ready to do just that little bit more to support you just because you are a ”Fox”. I hope to see you again, my friend, when this tour of duty is donr
We will miss you and your warm heart for all the Marines and thier familys. Because of your hard work and dedication towards all the reunions you will be there in spirt.It was my pleasure to know you I know you are now guarding the gates.Semper Fi  my friend
Barry was a great person.  He was dedicated to keeping his brothers together and done a great job.  We would not have gotten together without the hard work of Barry.  He will be missed in more ways than this important one.  He was concerned about other Marines before himself.  He is an angel with God.  Semper Fi Barry...Ed Grimes &amp; Dorothy
I TALKED TO BARRY SUNDAY THE 16TH AND HE SOUNDED GREAT. I WANTED TO THANK HIM FOR GETTING ME TO PUT IN A V.A. CLAIM AND TO TELL HIM I WOULD TAKE HIM AND GUNNY JEAN TO DINNER WHEN MY WIFE AND I GO TO  DISNEYWORLD IN MARCH. BARRY AND GUNNY JEAN WERE A SPECIAL COUPLE. I AM PROUD TO HAVE KNOWN BARRY AND JEAN. SEMPER FI MY BROTHER. I MISS YOU SO MUCH. GOD BLESS YOU.
Jean, So sorry for your loss--Barry was a great guy and I valued his friendship--even if I was with 227 marines instead of the 27th. He helped me so much with the VA, and Lori and I loved his sense of humor! Sam and Berry are in a good place together I know he cared for and helped others too--He will be missed.
To a man who had so many friends and ones who will never forget you. May you guard the gates till we meet again and we will be all together for a grand reunion. We will miss you but will not forget you. Semper Fi Barry
Hbd grand daddy still missing you:(
Still missing you grandad hbd
Two years has pass and it feels like yesterday,  will always be in my heart and on my mind,  thank God for blessing me to have known a great and caring man , love and miss him to much, hope him and Prescott is still hanging together and in a better place. Also spending sometime with mr fields may they all rest in peace always love lavern
hinking about you grandaddy:)
Still can't believe that daddy is not here with us, but even though he is gone all the wonderful memories still lives on. I thank God for his life, he brought us so much joy!
you will always live in my heart, grandaddy:)
Smith Family, I missed hearing about Mary passing.  I just wanted you to know I am sorry for your loss.  She was a special person and I have fond memories of her growing up in the neighborhood and at the lake. She was like a second ma and kept Greg and I from getting into to much trouble.  I will cherish the memories I have of her. Randy
My mother-in-law, sweet Mary left a lasting impression on everyone she met! I will forever remember her beautiful smile, which she kept til the end. Thank you for all you did for our family! I will miss you terribly but now you are in a better place Love para siempre madre! Lynn
ove yhu bro with all my heart rest in peace okay
Love you sweetie.  I miss you every day.  I will see you again in the not to distant future.  XOXO
Miss you girl. Think about you all the time.
I miss you baby girl. Not a day goes by that I don't tell you good morning and good night. Your picture sits on my night stand and you will always be by my side.  Brown chicken brown cow!!!
Happy birthday angle. Hope your enjoying the heavens.
Happy birthday Erynn. Time passes so fast, it's hard to believe you would be thirty now. Love you, Uncle Rick
Thinking of you today, my beautiful niece.   Love you always.  Aunt Judy
Well my girl, you've been gone for almost 8 years now.  I miss you terribly.  I find myself staring at your pictures a lot and remember all the funny things you used to say.  You were adorable, beautiful, comical and way too trusting.  I love you Erynn.  mommy &lt;3
Thinking of you my sweet little niece. I love you, Aunt Sue.
You were just taken from us way too soon. Still missing you. Love Always, EMS
One of my greatest memories is of us in Ft. Myers. We had rented a boat for the day with mom and dad and we were sitting on the back, the stern, and we rewrote the lyrics to Take Me Out To the Ballgame with... Take me out to the ocean take me out to the sea buy me some fish-food and we'll catch the rest at the old, o- cean.  We thought we were such lyrical geniuses. Love you sis. Miss you every day
Well,  I came into the game little bit late. However Erin was wise beyond her years and was crazy and wild and lovely and starving for attention beyond parental, and I was the same way when I was a kid. and can totally identified with her and I wish that I could've done more to be in and part of her life. I miss her terribly. And that's all I have to say Other than I cherished the little time I spent with her.  She was a lovely soul :-)
Thinking of you this morning when I wrote the date and was prompted to pop in and let you know. You are loved and missed little one. Hugs from your aunt Sue. xx
Erynn my sweet little girl always, you are soooo missed.  I think of you every day and see you in almost everything I look at.  You would be 29 now, a young woman with so much to do and say.  Love you so much baby - mommy &lt;3
Happy birthday Erynn. I bet you are keeping them all hopping up there in heaven. ;)  Love you and miss you.
28 years, where does the time go? Happy birthday Erynn. Always on our minds and in our hearts. Love you and miss you. Your uncle Rick
Erynn, I miss you!!  You are in my thoughts every day since you left us.  I love you and miss your beautiful smile.  Mommy  &lt;3
Happy Heavenly birthday, Erynn.   Love and miss you and that sweet and beautiful smile.   Aunt Judy
You came to visit us in the country.  You wanted to go cow tipping so we took you to the cow pasture.  When you saw how many cows there were and how big they actually were, you didn't want to get out of the car!  You did get out of the car though, but didn't tip any cows, lol.  We love and miss you very much Erynn.  Uncle Rob, Aunt Wendy, Cousin Alexis and Cousin Tori"
I love you lil sis. I think of you every day.
I miss you all the time There is never a moment You are not on my mind Consoles and compliment Are absent Fore only if you were mine Then we both may be free of this torment. I love you always and forever. Your love and best friend. EMS&lt;3EMS r i  a     r e m i c n     y l  i ch c     n o t   a h     n d h   e e         y   l  z
It's been 4 years since you left us.  There is not a day that goes by that I don't think about you.  I miss your smiling face and the funny things you would say out of the blue.  I still see you and talk to you even though you are not physically here.  I will see you again one day.  I love you, Mommy.
You will be forever in my heart as I remember your laugh, your smile, your tears &amp; fears. I love you little niece. xx Aunt Sue
I miss you more and more.......but they are always happy memories, so I can't complain too much......wish we were waking up after celebrating, but the memories will never fade and will have to do for now my love......hope to see u again some day! Love always, EMS
Thinking of you more than ever on this day after spending time last week with your mom.  I like to think you are hanging out at the Rainbow Bridge with all of our pets and feeling the love sent your way. Happy birthday to you sweetie.  Aunt Sue
Happy Birthday Erynn....how many times can I say I miss you?  I think of you daily, I see your face in particular places.  I can still hear you coming into the house like a whirlwind, slamming the door behind you.  I miss that too.  Love Mommy
I love and miss you my love. I wish I could hold you one more time.
Thinking of you today, Erynn....I think of you often, sweetie.  Love you....Aunt Judy
I'm a day late but you know I'm always thinking of you.  I see Tinker Bell everywhere &amp; instantly think of you.  I love you and miss you every day.  Mommy
Think of you often, Erynn....love you.  Aunt Judy
I think of you often Erynn, you are dearly missed...Uncle Rodney
Love you and miss you little niece. xo
I will never forget your smile and free spirit which drew my love and in turn put a smile on my face. You can never be replaced. Memory on my mind currently: The morning we discovered our initials aligned with one another. Love you always and forever my beautiful Erynn Melody Smith. Your best friend,     Eric Michael Sanchez
Four years already,, where does the time go. I think of you often Erynn. Love you
I find myself looking at your pictures in the house, just staring at you.  I still feel like you are going to walk through the door and slam it behind you, excited to tell me something.  I miss you terribly.  Mommy  xoxo
The hole you left in your family &amp; friend's hearts will never be filled. My birthday wish for you is that you are at peace and with loved ones who have gone before you. Love always, Aunt Sue
Miss you little lady,,, Always will, always on our minds.  Love you. Uncle Rick
Erynn, I think of you often...another year...you are so missed, my love.  Aunt Judy
I miss you, Erynn Melody...
I miss you every day.  I think about you every day.  Melody is the sweetest little cat, sometimes I think she's taken on your funny personality.  Love you so much Sweetie, Mommy  &lt;3
Another year has passed, we miss you so much. Love you.
You still burn bright in our hearts, you are dearly missed and can never be replaced! Love you always and forever. Everytime I hear bamchicabawa, it strikes my memory and I produce a smile which is quickly replaced with heartache. I hope you are spending your time observing us, your loved ones, from above and are with us as we journey along our path in life. Love you babe. Your best friend, Eric
I love and miss you Erynn...         Uncle Randy Xoxo
Happy heavenly birthday, Erynn. I think of you often and every time I see Tinkerbell she reminds me of you. xoxox
Baby girl....Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to ERYNN.....Happy Birthday to you!   I love you and miss you so much.  I think of you all the time; the way you used to smile or tilt your head to the side when I didn't understand something.  Your childlike ways and the things that made you happy.  Love you Erynn, Mommy  Mmmmua   xoxo
Happy birthday Erynn!! Miss you,Hope heaven is treating you good.xoxo
Its hard to put into words,,,You left us WAY to soon. We miss you and love you. Happy birthday Erynn.  Uncle Rick xoxo
Erynn Smith.  Not a day really ever goes by that I dont think about your smile and your little giggles and your friendly presence.  You were and always be an awesome girl and soul together.  I truly miss you so much it is so hard so explain.  You were one of many and just typing this is difficult. Love, your friend Mike "Scrap"  Muah :)
Erynn smith. I miss you so much. One week together, then the next day gone. You were a great, good hearted young woman. We all don't make the best choices, but im glad you lived up every moment. see you in heave one day.. muahhhh
Erynn we will love and miss you always.  I think about you a lot and have several beautiful pictures of you as you where growing up.  you will alway be in our heart love you Erynn.  Shane
Today you are with your dad, extended family and God.  Remember that I will always love you, miss you and will see again in heaven.  Mommy
Another year has gone by. I'm glad you are with Jesus and not having to go through all this mess the world has gotten into.  Maybe we will see you soon and leave this evil behind. Love Mom
Still an empty place in my heart for Jeff. It never goes away but you learn to live with it and recall all the good memories. To every mother who has ever lost a son, I pray that God will bless you and comfort you.
Thank You all so much for your prayers, visits, food, cards and sympathy. Jeff loved so many of you and enjoyed life and times with you.This is a very trying time for us but God  has belssed us in so many ways. Keep us in your prayers. Linda
Lord, I wish that I could hear Jeff's laugh today. We had alot of snow and I know that he would be out in it with his kids and grandkids. One thing about Jeff, Lord, was that he could always find fun - it would just be there where you didn't think there would be any - he'd find it. Lord, my prayer is that You would put it in Pat's heart to contact me. How I miss her - we had such a prayer kindship that was like no other. Thank you, Father, for hearing my thoughts and prayer today. Thank you for saving Jeff and enjoying him in Your presence. In Jesus' name, Amen.
The skies are grey and the wind is cold, but I know that it is bright and glorious where Jeff is now. He is  with Our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. How wonderful that he has been united with his dearest Friend. Jeff was the greatest friend I knew here, but I also look forward to being with my Friend and King in heaven. On that day, Jeff and I will be able to enjoy fellowship again. For now it's enough to know he is well and in His arms. We miss Jeff still, but our hearts are calm in the assurance of the Lord's promise of eternal life with Him. Perhaps we will see Jeff very soon, if our Lord doesn't tarry.
know this happened over a month ago, but my grandpa was one of the most AMAZING people i ever knew. i feel i should write this down here, to get it off my mind. i still think about him every day, love and miss you and you'll always be my "flakey biscutt" and i willways strive to be like you! love always, your grandaughter. (princess.&lt;3)
This site and the music are for my big brother in Christ and dear friend, Jeff! He was the most generous and gentle man I ever knew. His tenderness toward his wife, Pat, and family was a sight to behold. There could never be another Jeff. He was truly one of a kind. He made my heart ache for Jesus.
I have the most wonderful memorys of the Deans and the Smiths.  They lived accross from my grandparents when I was growing up in West Point.  We lived behind my grandparents.   Virginia's brother, William was my daddys best friend when they were growing up.  He died in combat during WWII.  Bobby Moreman   WPHS 62
I have great memories of Mrs. Smith at FBC.  She was a good friend of my mother's and when I would call home over the years, my mom would often mention her when telling me about her week.  Their generation was the last of the true southern bells. Judi Haralson Garrett WPHS 65
~Dear Mommy~ Its been a year  7 months since you been taken away My memory of that day is not clear But i know the pain can not be washed away with tears you are everywhere, I looked at the sky the clouds A running brooks waves in the ocean. Now in GOD arms you are safe,never again will i see your smiling face But this photograph will never ease in time I'll see you in that place. RIP 2011
Wish You Were Here......Miss You Lots!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My Big Brother Mason Jr, I miss you more than people know.  Our whole family misses you.  You were the one who kept all of us well aware of our responsibilities as it relates to our legacy; the value of the Farm, the importance of family, and doing what is right.  As we continue to live up to the standards of excellence you expected, you are remembered!  We love you Big Brother!
My Dear Brother Mason Smith Junior would be celebrating his 78th birthday today down here, but he is instead celebrating everlasting life in the presence of his Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.  We love you Junior and will see you again someday in that great getting up morning!  Charles and family
Happy Birthday Grandpa! I will always miss you!! Thank you for giving me the courage to continue to follow my dreams. You gave me a lifetime of Hope, LOVE and wisdom. I will never forget you!!!! love u so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! xooxoxo
There are very few days that go by where I don't ind myself thinking about my father! Most often it is at the beginning and end of my day because I try to always start/end with prayer. Since my father was a praying man, it just comes natural that I think about his presence when I focus on my Heavenly Father. It is comforting to know that he too is being held in God's presence looking down on his beloved children from above. Happy 75th birthday daddy and know that we love and miss you very much! Tammy
Thanking God for my earthly father today on what would have been his 75th birthday. He lived a life that was full of love, dedication to family, and he loved The Lord. He is now experiencing eternal life with His savior-praise God!
Happy fathers day Grandpa! even though I can't hear your voice I know that you are listening. I miss you more than words can describe, my hero let these words reach you in heaven. I love you always!
Grandpa, I performed my one woman show I wish you were there! I miss u so much!!! You are my hero love you!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Grandpa,  My hero oh how I miss you! I could use one of our talks. I love you I'm so thankful for all the good times! We missed the gumbo this year! It won't be the same without you... Love u!!!!
As I reflect on the passing of my dearest and oldest brother today, words seem inadequate to convey my feelings. I want to remember the fond times we shared, the words of encouragement, his sincerity and zest for life that surely made him a remarkable child of the King, His Lord and savior, Jesus Christ. I love you and miss you very much!
1 year ago today God Came and Got you... In my heart I know you are resting the king! No more no more suffering, If it was up to me I would of asked you stay longer.. I miss more than words can describe! A chunk of family is gone.. I wish you could make 1 more plate of Gumbo! I love grandpa and I will always think of you everyday!
This is the day that The Lord has made and we will rejoice and be glad in it! Today would have been my dear brother, Mason Smith, Jr's 73rd birthday. Although he isn't here in the physical, his spirit is, and he's remembered with all the love from his family on this day. Words are simply inadequate to convey my emotions; he's with our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ! Amen. Matthews Smith
This is the birth month of my dear Brother, Mason Smith Jr, on 31 Aug.  Just want to say, "I miss you Big Brother, very much."  I miss his smile, his presence, and his kind words at the end of our phone calls when he'd say, "I love you Lil Brother."   But I know I will see him again someday in that sweet by and by!  Yes sweet Jesus, in that sweet by and by.
Your legacy will live on forever!!! thinking of you :)
Grandpa, I miss u so much! I often think of our conversations you were a great person to talk to. I'm still calling grandma every night to make her laugh what I would give anything to hear your voice! I love you always and forever!
I am leaving this tribute from Grandma, Mason I miss you a whole lot! there are no words to explain it.. I am happy you are no longer suffering. I think of you everyday and I always will love you thank you for a century of happiness! until next time Your Wife!
Im a great friend of Mia, ive never had the opportunity to meet but ive heard what an awesome man and father u r.  She has shared wonderful stories that reminds me so much of my family.  We trust and know ur in a place of peace and I will make sure to keep ur family that loves u dearly in my prayers.
Happy fathers Day! You were the best father and grandfather in the world! I miss u so much I'm finding peace that you are resting with the king! Watch over us grandpa until we meet again! Xoxoxoxo
I will remember your consistent gratefulness for the simple things out of life such as your health, your strength, and your peace of mind. Whenever I become stressed from formulas, design projects, and engineering deadlines, I will remember as you did the subtle more important things in life. The goodness of God which never changes.
Grandpa, I MISS YOU SO SO MUCH!!!!!! You inspired me to better, You never complained about much. You took all the trails and turned them into Victories. Watch over me until the next time we meet I love u forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Grandpa, I'm just stopping by to say I love you and I miss your voice! I miss our talks and your jokes... what I give for one last time! xoxox Mia
My Brother, Mason Smith Jr, set the example for all his Brothers and Sisters of what it means to sacrifice in life and stand in the face of the reality of the evening of that life and said, "Lord, whatever Your will is for my life, I accept it!" Thank you My Brother for teaching us...we've been strengthened by witnessing your sacrifices and courage!  I love you, your Brother, CRSmith.
Daddy i remember our last conversation......u whispered those words about how hard it was gonna be about missing u....Man u were right...but also u whispered to look up to the sky.... where all your strength cometh from.....U were such a Strong Force in the Lord....The miracles that i seen GOD perform in your life......i will never ever forget...I know that there is a GOD!..RIP Forever..CC
Grandpa you welcomed me into this family with open arms. I never had a chance to meet my grandparents so I was so blessed to have you. I never met a man that worked so hard at everything he did. You encouraged me and always told a good story. I wish we had more time.. Love Alex
My grandfather was my hero, I will never stop missing him until we meet again. I often think of the many battles he fought and makes me realize I can do all things through christ which strengtheneth me. Phillippians4:13
I can speak for the entire Smith family that you will be missed. You've touched so many lives and for that we are grateful. You were the perfect example of a Godly man, thank you for unselfishly giving so much of yourself. It was always your custom to never say goodbye at the end of conversations and so on this day, we won't say Goodbye. "We will say see you later"
Happy 96th Birthday Dad! Enjoy your day up above with everybody. Say hi to them from us also. Give our girls and hug and kiss from us. Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxo
You have never been forgotten and never will .  The little things , I am still doing what you have suggested and (wow) I'm still getting whatever done well . Thank you and still loving you .
Dad Remembering you is easy I do it everyday And missing you is something That will never go away. Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxo Say hello to everybody up above and give kisses to all of our wee girls!
Happy 95th Birthday Dad! Have a great time up above with Mom and Pam and everybody. Say hi to our girls for us and give them all a hug and kiss. Really miss you xoxox Love Penny &amp; Dick
Your presence we miss Your memory we treasure Loving you always Forgetting you never. Loving remembered Penny &amp; Dick xoxo Say hello to everybody up above!
Happy Birthday Dad! Every day in some small way Memories of you come our way. Though absent, you are ever near. Still missed, loved, always dear. We just sent you another precious angel to love "Halie Emma" who left us way too young. Please keep her safe with the others. Say hi to Mom and Pam. You are all truly missed and thought of each day. xoxo
Within our store of memories, He holds a place apart. For no one else can ever be More cherished in our hearts. Loving remembered by Penny &amp; Dick ps. Say hello to everyone up above as they are all truly missed xoxo
Happy 93th Birthday Dad! Silent memories true and tender, Just to show we still remember. Have a fun time up above and say hello to everyone!!! Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxo
Today recalls the memory Of a loved one gone to rest, And those who think of him today Are those who loved him best. The rolling stream of life rolls on, But still the vacant chair, Recalls the love, the voice, the smile Of the one who once sat there. Loving remembered by Penny &amp; Dick xoxox
Happy Birthday Dad!!!! You gave me so much in life Gifts both great and small But most of all you gave me love The greatest gift of all Enjoy your day Dad with all of our family and friends up above. Say hello to Mom and Pam who are dearly missed as much as you. Love Penny &amp; DIck
Dad is such a special word, A word that brings to mind, A big warm smile, a helping hand A way of being kind, Devotion to the family, A word of patience too. "Dad" is such a special word, Because it stands for "you". Sadly missed by Penny &amp; Dick xoxo
Happy 91st Birthday Dad! Wish we could celebrate together. You enjoy your day up above with Mom and Pam and the others. We love you and remember you always. Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxoxo
In loving memory of our Dad who passed away 15 years ago today. Your smile has gone forever And your hand we cannot touch, We have so many memories Of you, Dad, we loved so much. Loving remembered by Penny &amp; Dick
Happy 90th Birthd Dad!!!!  Wish you were here. Instead enjoy your day with all of our loved ones up above.  Sure miss all of you. xoxoxox Love Penny
If we had all the world to give We'd give it, yes and more.... To hear his voice, see his smile And greet him at the door. But all we can do dear Dad is go and tend your grave And leave behind tokens of love To the best Dad God made
Missing you more and more each day. Love you Granny x
Miss you molly. Always thinking of you. X
Today is your birthday, a day of joy, a day of happiness, a day of loving, a day of caring and sharing. A day in which everyone remembers how everything about you was projected by your smile. I will never forget how you loved the times that we spent together, I miss you Granny Apple. You will always be in my heart. Happy birthday, from your Grandson Christopher x
IT'S BEEN JUST OVER A YEAR NOW, I HAVE MISSED YOU EVERY DAY.YOU ARE ALL AROUND ME WITH EVERY BREATH I TAKE. YOU ARE AT PEACE NOW WITH GOD AND DAD. GOD BLESS YOU BOTH.I WILL LOVE YOU BOTH TILL THE DAY I AM WITH THE DAY I AM WITH BOTH OF YOU ALWAYS YOURS, YOUR SON, SMUDGE.
I did'nt know you for long but you were a lovely person. And i will miss  you. We had are laughs. I will sadly miss you but you will aways be in my heart and never forgotten. Love you. Tina x
I miss you Mom.  Thinking of you today and everyday.
Dear Ramona and Voltaire.  Thinking of you and the impact your mother's life on you and the world.  I can only hope and work daily to do the same in the lives of my sons.  Thank you for sharing your love and respect for your mother to so many.  It is uplifting.
Thinking of you on your birthday Adelaide. You will always remain in our hearts.
You are still inspiring my friend.
Thinking of you Voltaire and Ramona as we remember and celebrate your Moms life today and always. Big hugs xxxxx
My mother Helen O. Eason Ford's birthday was March 5. She like Adelaide was a woman of strength, compassion and possessed a deep and abiding faith in the Creator. May their light continue to shine.
Adelaine,  97 Crooke Ave misses you much. You are the angel that we miss in our lives. I am sure you are making friend's up in god's heaven in your purpose. May god continue to bless your family! Love always, Pam
Happy Birthday Mrs Smith,I am so blessed I got to meet you and hear your stories.Your Legend will always be remembered.x
Ramona and Voltaire Jennifer and I send our deepest condolences for your loss. Though, I met your mother only a few times, she was a remarkable woman who seemed to understand life in a way a few people can. May her everlasting memory provide comfort in your hearts. Canard
Ramona and Voltaire, My deepest sympathy for the loss of your mother. She was truly a remarkable woman and one of a kind. May the memories of your mother comfort you.
“I know there's something in the wake of your smile… You've built a love, but that love falls apart.” One day I saw Adelaide coming in and she said: “I feel much better already,” I had encouraged her to spend more time in the park. She gave a beautiful smile and I was happy for her. I was hopeful to set time talking to her. I had been kind of looking for her. But, I received the bad news on 09/27…
Ramona, I'm continuing to lift you, your brother and your family in my prayers.  Your mother's life and her deposits in you speaks volumes. God bless you. Sending love, light and my deepest condolences.
God's grace and peace keep you the loving family. I was a classmate with Adelaide. I knew briefly was greatly impressed with her style and grace. She was spoke soft, quite and articulate. She was an amazing spirit, talent and woman. She will be missed by us all. Warmest thoughts and prayers. Rest In Peace Sister.
My condolences goes out to you guys. Adelaide will be greatly missed. Such a woman of encouragement and great faith. It took her faith to take you both to where you are today. Job well done my friend Adelaide. Heaven celebrates, love you.
I never thought I would meet any1 who spoke more than Voltaire until I met Adelaide,her many words of wisdom&amp; her international travels&amp;studies inspired me2 want to go bk 2 school. Praying for you both, your Mum EXCEEDED her life purpose&amp;has retired to be with the Lord.I know It hurts but try find some comfort in that.God loves you!
Sending plenty of prayers out to my amazing sister Ramona. My heart goes out to you. The sorrow that you are experiencing has touched a place, so deep within my heart. May the pain that you are feeling, God may come to heal. A great warrior has passed from among us. Adelaide Smith spirit has taken that next step on to a long journey into forever. We send our greatest love to you and your family.
As loved ones prepare to say goodbye and celebrate a life that touched so many. I am sending my love from Australia Aunt Adelaide you will always be held in my heart and my thoughts are with Ramona and Voltaire that they will find strength and peace in the out pouring of love. I reflect on the many memories of a hugely resilient woman who always gave 110%. My Aunt Adelaide was generous to a fault
I am here for you any which way I can be,  “As my sufferings mounted I soon realized that there were two ways in which I could respond to my situation -- either to react with bitterness or seek to transform the suffering into a creative force. I decided to follow the latter course.”  ― Martin Luther King Jr.
Ramona--I never had the pleasure of meeting your Mom but I know you and the wonderful, kind, loving person that you are.  Your Mom played a large part in your formation.  Know that Our Heavenly Father holds her in the palm of His hand and that you will be with her again in His heavenly realm.
To my dearest friend.MICHELLE-A WOMAN OF GREATNESS .Ramona and Voltaire.Thank You for sharing Your mom with the world we are ever so grateful.REJOICE I SAY AGAIN TO REJOICE.          LUV dreamer
Although our time was brief I know it was god driven. You are such a spark of life that your flame will never be dim. With a clear voice and determination oozing from your spirit, you inspired so many of us. Deeply felt, I will remember you always to burn in my heart of love as you soar in the universe to meet God on his plane of peace for you now. Pam
Praise the Lord Romana and Voltaire!  Your mom lived by faith.  Only blessed people can do that. Adelaide affirmed the best, believed the best and she prayed for the best.  I thank God for our friendship.
Adelaide will be missed by every life she touched.  May God rest her soul and bring comfort to her children.
I second Cynthia's comments, not having met your mother I am happy to say I met you and Voltaire, who I'm sure reflect her passion for life and beauty. Even in her passing, you choose to find a reason to celebrate and rejoice and it speaks volumes of your character. God bless her and you two in this next phase of your lives. Much love!
Although I never met your mother, I have had the pleasure of knowing you and have met Voltaire on several occasions. Both of you are outstanding, upright, individuals of integrity committed to making the world a better place. That is not a fluke. That is a result of your mother's parenting. Her legacy lives in you and in all of those whom your deeds have touched. XOXOXO
Ramona and Voltaire; Our deepest condolences.  The impact of your mom's love and example is seen and felt through you both and it's inspiring. We look forward to joining you in California in a celebration of her life.
Ramona and Voltaire, in celebrating a life well lived by your mother, I believe your mother was woman of grace, integrity and goodness. I say this because of the evidence of her in the both of you. But we will surely celebrate her life and look forward to the day when we can see her again. You guys are loved dearly by all of us at the church. Christ be with you as we are. 1 Thess 4:13.
Adelaide is a remarkable woman. So full of life, her beautiful spirit will live on through her children and all who knew her. This woman was a rock, an institution. Ramona &amp; Voltaire, be strong and find comfort in one another's love and the love of friends and family. Sending you love from California and thinking of you during this time. May she rest in peace.
Adelaide brought such love and joy to all she met. She was beautiful and had one of the most kind and caring spirits. As my husband and I bring our child into the world, we strive to be do even half the amazing job she did raising Ramona and Voltaire. Thank you for the example of what a real woman should be and for the legacy you leave behind. God bless. Love and prayers, K&amp;O
Dear Ramona and Voltaire, My deepest condolences to you and your entire family. I can't imagine any words that could begin to address what you two are feeling right now. Just know that you are loved and have inspired many, and that in itself is a testament to the beauty your mother shared with this world.
Thank you Adelaide. It is a blessing to have Ramona and Voltaire in my life. I have seen her gifts in her children as they continue to produce amazing works that uplift our young people and impact our communities worldwide.
Ramona &amp; Voltaire, Adelaide left a beautiful legacy in you two.  Everytime I saw her she reminded me of how one can live life with grace &amp; glory. It is telling that you asked your family &amp; friends to celebrate her life and not mourn her departure. Today, I will appreciate everyone the universe has put me in touch with. Adelaide's legacy is in all of us. Much love &amp; courage to both of you.
Ramona, All I thought of yesterday on my walk was you and your mom.  I've enjoyed all the beautiful stories of her strength and vigor.  You and Voltaire remain as testaments to a life gloriously lived, overcoming huge obstacles and gifting the two of you to all of us.  May she find her home among the angels.  Love you girl.
Ramona and Voltaire, I never had the pleasure of meeting your mom, but Ramona we have had many conversations about her. She certainly has raised to wonderful children. I know you will miss her. I look forward to celebrating with you in Los Angeles. This website is the best tribute every. Love you.
Ramona, When I meet your mother I saw directly from where you inherited your greatness.   She lives in you.  I feel very fortunate to have meet and spoken with her.  Your mother was a truly amazing individual. May she rest in peace.
I'm at a loss for words right now. My thoughts are with you both. I can remember the times we had and how much your family meant to ours.
Yo both have my deepest sympathy, but know that you will carry your mom with you always in your heart and the memoris that you've shared.
Ramona and Voltaire... I am definitely sharing in the memory of your mother with you. I admire the strength that you both have shown throughout the past few years of sickness and celebration with your mom. I fell in love with her the day I met her, and I know that she would be pleased with how you are handling things. I look forward to celebrating with you!
I'm so sorry to hear this Ramona, I know exactly what you're going through I loss my mom ten years ago. I know it's tough but be strong just know that your mom is very proud of you and smiling down from up above. I'll be praying for you and your family. Zale
God bless your mom and her soul.  She has done a great job with you my brother.  I wish I had the opportunity to meet her.  May she rest in peace.  Much love and respect.
God bless your mom and her soul.  She did a great job with you my brother.  I wish I had the opportunity to meet her.  May she rest in peace.  Much love and respect.
He loved his family, four children, 13 grand-children and 3 great grand-children, his brothers and sister, and of course, my mom who passed 20 years before him and he missed her so every day! He was witty and funny, always made me laugh! He was also very stubborn- it was always "His Way" and he loved Frank! So Daddy- this is for you-I love you and miss you! Have a dance with Mommy.
I will never hear this song and not think about you daddy.  I miss you each and every day more than you will ever know. What I miss most is seeing you smile when I came home everyday. you are at peace now and more important with your sweetheart. Give Mommy a kiss for me and keep one for you.  Love you always and forever.
Dang.. I can't seem to find the words to say! You will be missed. I can remember everthing bout you.... From the times you made me laugh to the time's you made me cry. I will never forget all of the stories you shared with me, from you singing made up words to different songs and swearing my brother was Gucci Mane when you  learned a Gucci song!lol Smile and watch over us our ANGLE DONNA!!
Thinking of you today and everyday Grandma! I love you and miss you like crazy.
It’s been 17 yrs and still miss and think of you so many yrs have pass but seems like yesterday but you are in heaven watching over us Love You
Momma  There are very few days since your passing that I don’t think of you. You are greatly missed and greatly loved.  Jerry
Mama it has been 16 years since you left us to be with the Lord. I still miss you and love yo. Thank you for being the best mother I could ever have. I think God everyday for giving me you for my mother. Until we meet again. Love you
happy 94th birthday mama you are still missed thank you for giving us your all
mama was a great lady who did all for us I only hope I can be half the lady and mother as you were love you
More than words can express I miss you everyday. 15 years seems like an eternity. I love you Grandma, you are never far from my heart.
I loved you Mrs.Smith as my second Mom. Even when I was a rotten teenager and young adult , you always treated me as your own. I grew to love your entire family because of the way I was treated by them. You Rest in Peace Ma'am.
I love you Mom and I miss you. You were a terrific Mother who gave her all for her kids. You will be forever called blessed. Your family is in awe of your love and devotion. You set the bar high for what a parent should be. You are sorely missed and you left us far too soon.
Happy 93rd Birthday, Grandma! Not a day goes by that I don't miss you.
You were right mama I miss you everyday. Your were the best mother and I knew you loved me. Thank you for giving me life and your love.
It's almost your birthday, you would be turning 90, it will be 12 yrs since you went home. There is a peice of me with you and I still miss you more than anything. I love and miss you so much Grandma &lt;3
Dad,  it's been a year today since I got the call.  It seems like this morning.  I miss you so much.  With both you and mom gone it is really lonely.  I think about picking up the phone to tell you something and reality hits me.  I love you and miss you.  I'll see you again in heaven.  Until then.  XXX000
A whole year has gone by and a years worth of holes are in my heart. I'm happy to know you and grandma are together again, and that you don't have to see he ugliness that occurs in this world. I know you guys would be proud of Moriah and I both. Love you forever.
Happy Fathers Day dad.  I'm sorry I'm a day late but thought about you all day yesterday.  I just can't put all this for everyone to see.  Obviously no one visits here so I love you and miss you so much.  It hurts everyday not having you and mom here.
Happy Birthday Papa. I wanted to call you to hear you tell me you were turning 38. This year that is true, you are as young as you wish to be. Kiss my grandma for me, I know you guys are dancing to beautiful music in the presence of the Lord and that is the only thing helping me breathe. I love you.
Happy birthday Dad.  I miss you and Mom so much. I just can't get passed this. I love you both so much!
Dad,it's Jan. 4, 2013.  You have Mom now.  It was the hardest decision of my life to let her go.  I know she understands why we did what we did.  Just take care of each other up there.  I miss you and my heart is hurting without you and mom.  I love you so much.
Well Dad, tomorrow is Christmas Eve. It's gonna be a hard Christmas this year.  You are not here and mom is in the nursing home.  Hopefully she'll be home soon.  I miss you so much and can't stop thinking about you being alone when you left us.  I love you!!!
Thanksgiving Day. I miss you dad. Thanks for the wonderful memories you gave to me.  I'm glad we could talk like we did the last 30 years.  I love you so very much!
Been 2 months.  Seems so much longer.  Waiting for ashes.  Love you, dad.
Having a bad day today, Dad.  I miss you so much!!!
Dad,  I missed your call today.  I'm sure you would have teased me about my age.  I'll have my silence and cry later by myself.  I love you and miss you more than anyone could imagine.
Moriah sleeps with the stuffed Easter bunny you gave her every night. She told me that your spirit is in it. She misses you very much.
Well Papa, in one week it will be my birthday. One thing that never failed was you calling on my birthday! Mom would always laugh and say "He always remembers your birthday, he better call me on mine". I have a feeling I will cry every time my phone rings that day, but I know you're with me always.
Papa, how long will it be before we can bring you home? I don't know what is going on, where you are, if you've been cremated or not, I have only confusion. I promise as soon as I can I will take you home.
Dad, it's been a week now and I just can't let go.  I know that you knew how I feel.  If I had known I would have done something to get to you.  Only you and I know the reasons behind that.  I love you and miss you so.  I know you are looking down on us and keeping us safe.  I'm struggling and will never have closure.  I love you!!!
It isn't getting much easier. I fear I will never have the closure I need. No goodbyes just a " talk to you later" that will never happen.  I'm afraid you never knew how special you were. I love you.
What a wonderful rememberance for your grandpa Michaela, he loved you so.  Always remember his spirit with live on through his family, Think of all the good times, may this bring you peace and take some of the sadness from your heart. You and your family are in my prayers.  Sending love to you all.
ncle bill was such a funny guy, the last few years in the winter he was always over for a visit at the shop and stayed most of the day to have coffee, a cigarette, sweep the floor  and enjoy some talk. i know tom always looked forward to it. sometimes he would stop before he even went to  the house to see tom and have coffee. he will be missed very much in our hearts and minds god bless
Papa, you were very important to me. We had a special bond that no one could come between. I will miss you more than I can understand.  You meant the world to my daughter and she misses you so much. My tears are many and my heart is heavy. I love you.
Dad I miss you so much!  I wish I had been there for you.  I love you and know you are no longer in pain.  I will think of you everyday for the rest of my life and will see you again.
The photo of you here reminds me of what a kind and lovely person you were Margie. Always the same, quiet and considerate. We will never forget you.xxxx
A dear Auntie always in my thoughtsXXX
Once again at this time of year we have bitter sweet memories.RIP dear Margie.
Belated birthday thoughts to a dear Auntie. Always in our thoughts. From Janice Brian and family XX
Always somewhere in our thoughts,dear Margie. Lin &amp; Keith
The years rush by but our feelings are just the same. Sending love to you today and grateful to have known you xxx
Often in my thoughts. Happy memories. Forever missed.XXXX
Never far from our thoughts with happy memories.
Special beyond words, gentle and kind, you will never be forgotten Margie.xxxxx
Nan, forever in my thoughts and still sadly missed 5 years on. All my love Neil xxxx
As our families grow smaller,we miss the departed even more. Rest in peace dear Margie.
Thank you all for the lovely tributes today...I too miss her dearly
4 years and still greatly missed. I know you and Grandad are together now looking down on all of us, but it still hurts to not see you or speak to you. I love you Nan xxxx
As we get older we realise just how short life is and that memories are really important. Thank you Margie for giving me lots of happy memories that will always be with us.
Remember all the happy times. Still think of you often. When talking to Rosie we  wander down memory lane together. she misses you loads...Jan  and Brian xxx
Thank you everyone who left a tribute. It is very kind and I appreciate it greatly. Our lives are better for having been touched by Mum Ian xxx
Nanny Marge. Today would have been your birthday and again is a lovely sunny day for you. I miss you so much and there's not a day that goes by that I don't think about you and the way you used to make me laugh, not to mention your amazing roast dinners! :-). Love you lots, Kim xxx
R.I.P dear Margie,so many happy memories.love Lin &amp; Keith.
Miss you more and more each day. Today we would have been celebrating your 90th birthday. Never forgotten and always in my thoughts. Love you Nan. Love from Neil xxxxx
Forever in our thoughts. Happy memories of times gone by. Love Always Jan &amp; Brian.XX
Dear Margie. Always in our thoughts.Lin &amp; Keith.
Although you have been gone three years it seems recent and you are always in out thoughts Ian xxx
Always in our thoughts with fond memories. From Janice Brian and Family.X
Happy Birthday Nan. I miss you more and more each year. Love from Neil xxxx
Missing you auntie Margie. Love Lin &amp; Keith.
Mum Your presence is missed but your memory is dearly still with us all Thank you for showing us all the great things that you endowed us with. Our thoughts and hearts are forever indebted Ian xxxx
My mum and I still think of you and recall memories of you often. You will always be a very special part of both our lives and we are privileged to have known you.  With lots of love from Gillian and Rosexxx
A Very Special Auntie. Fondly thought of. Sadly missed. From Janice Brian and family.xxx
wo years passed and each day you are thought of by us all....your son Ian xxxx
Commemorating your birth 88 years ago I am thinking of you and know we all cherished the presence and influence you had on each and every one of us...missed but you are not forgotten and will be with us in many ways each day...Ian xxxxx
A dear aunt,sadly missed.
Nan, you would have been celebrating your 88th birthday with us today, but sadly you are not here. We are all thinking of you today. I miss you everyday. Lots of love Neil xxxxx
For a dear Auntie Sadly Missed and Loved. I love the Photo of you in your knitted top . I have fond memories of us all knitting the same jumpers at Nana Smiths Sunday tea times. Love Janice XX
Nan, I can't believe you've been gone from us a year already. I miss you more and more each day. I just wish I could see you and speak to you again. Love you now and forever .... Neil xxxxxx
Mum, It has been one year and still your absence in our lives  is a deep loss to us all. Each day I remember all that you were to each of us in your unique way and I miss your calm and gentle personality and words of wisdom. Rest in peace Ian xxxxxxxxx
Nan Marge, it's been a year today and you are still forever missed, I just wish you were here for one last hair stroke by the fire when I was a kid, as it use to send me to sleep and you use to get some peace and quiet. Miss you and Grandad everyday   lots of love Nick XXX
Thinking about you today Nanny Marge.  I miss you so much and I miss our Sunday afternoon gossiping! If only I could give you one last hug.  Love you loads Kim xxxx
Mum, I miss you each day and wish you were still with us. Now and always you were loved and admired for your calm peaceful and wonderful temperment. Ian xxxxxxxx
Nan, today would have been your 87th birthday. The sun is shining and it's a beautiful day, but someone is missing. I miss you and always think about you and grandad. Happy birthday nan. All my love Neil xxxxx
Nanny Marge,  You would have been 87 today, wish you was here so we could celebrate together.  I miss you so much, and miss our little chats! Love you now and always, Kim xxxx
I agree with Keith auntie Margie was lovely.I to have some very happy memories as a child and in later years. I hope she is with uncle Bill and they are both at peace.
Mum,  you are now at peace and can join all other good souls already passed ahead of you in a righteous place. You are deeply missed by us all , never far from our daily thoughts and memories. A Mother, Grandmother, Sister and Aunt, uniquely touching and enriching each one of us in a gentle, compassionate, kind and loving way......Ian xxxxx
A lovely lady and fabulous aunt who gave me wonderful memories of my childhood.
To my dearest friend, Ian,      I am crying as I read this touching tribute you have prepared for your mother, Margaret.  The photos of her wedding make me happy because she is with the man she loved!  I can only imagine the joy you brought her.   June  xx
, 6 years ago today you left. I still remember it like it was yesterday. and this year thunder by the river is also today. not good memories. you are so missed and still so loved. be happy in heaven and know that I love you then and I love you still.
Happy birthday Dave!!! Have a good one up there in Heaven with everyone!!
merry Christmas dave. another holiday has come and you are not here. I really miss the holidays together. I sit here by myself and thinking of you and missing our time together, bumpy as it was at times. but everyone has bumps in the road. I miss you dave and I hope your Christmas with your family in heaven is good, I'm sure it will be. oh how I wish I could just see you one more time and talk to you. I will always love you and miss you. forever until I get to see you again in heaven, I still see your truck and wait for a text or a honk as you pass mcdonalds, I even told Sabrina to tell dean to have the man driving your truck honk as he passes mcdonalds so It would be like you are still here. I miss the house in wisner so much. I drive by it a lot and wish I still lived there even though it is a huge house and way to big for just one person. I hope you are still doing karaoke in heaven with the friends who have joined you there. I'm sure you are. I love you dave as much now as when you were still here. I miss you everyday. I could probably sit here all day and tell you things that's going on and gossip and such like we always did, but I  will let you go and enjoy your Christmas with your family and the angels. merry Christmas dave. I love you and miss you every day.
hello dave, its 3 years now since you went to heaven and I still remember it just like it was that day all over again. just the other day the wisner ambulance went past me and I had a flashback that was so real it was spooky. I thought time would ease the pain but it doesn't. I may go on living but the pain and the hurt is still the same. I miss you so very much. I see your truck go by and I wait for you to honk or to text like you always did but it never comes. I cant believe its been 3 years already. I'm sure by now you've got to meet up with david since he passed and I bet you two are having one hell of a chat. I can only imagine, no details on here needed, you know what I'm talking about. I will always love you dave, always. I wish things were different and I really wish I would have went before you or we went together, we both always said we didn't want to die alone and now I will die alone. why couldn't you have waited til god wanted me too. its so not fair. thunder by the river is this weekend and I still have not went back and I wont this year either. Jeremy asked if I was going and I said no, he says dave would want you to go. to some I may come off as a cold hearted bitch but believe it or not I have feelings and I hurt and feel pain just like everyone else does. losing you caused me a lot of pain and we were really getting along and coming together and seeing things differently and then that horrible day came and you were gone. it hurts and it always will. I often wish I would have sat with you just a little longer. I have regrets on why didn't I make you go to dr sooner. you said you would on Monday and you never made it to Monday. there is so much you have missed and are missing it really makes me sad that you don't get to see all the grandkids grow up. jude was your first and you would be so proud of him. I know you would. then you have gunnar and lorelie, ive never met gunnar so I cant say much about him but lorelie she is just adorable, she has the cutest curly hair and beautiful eyes. you would love her to death, no pun intended. Jeremy and jess had a baby girl and named her ivalee , she too is beautiful. she is such a good and happy baby. alexis is so big now you wouldn't believe it and Dominick getting so big as well and playing football. they are divorced now, which is sad but that a long story in itself. but beings that you are above us all now watching I'm sure you already know what is going on down here. I could probably sit here for a very long time cuz It makes me feel like I am actually sitting with you and talking, I miss that, and the gossip that we both shared, lol, that was always fun, just know that you are so very missed each and every day and I think about you constantly. I loved you then and I love you now dave. you will forever be in my heart. now and always. so I will go for now and end with I miss you so much. I love you dave.
hello, let me first say happy fathers day. you gained another friend last week, maybe you have seen him by now. david sadly came to join you last week. i felt bad for all of them. i seen kayla and she really looked so sad. i really felt bad for her . 2 in three years is alot for anyone to handle and the poor babies, jude and lorelie lose another grandpa. very sad day once again. hope you have a great fathers day there in heaven and i still think about you every day and just the other night i had a nightmare of that dreadful night. i get them all the time. i talk about you every chance i get. i still miss you so much,  i will always miss you and love you dave. nothing will ever change that. yep still single, shocker i know, lol. that way i will remain, you were my heart and you meant the world to me. you will forever be loved and missed by me. til next time dave, have a fabulous day. i love you dave and miss you all the time.
Happy birthday Davey!!! You are missed!!
Happy Birthday Dave!!!!! the big 60 you are today. i sit here having my normal breakdown cuz i miss you so much. missing talking to you everyday and missing when your truck drives by mcdonalds waiting for you to honk, i still say there goes dave every time your truck goes by me no matter where i am. the memories are still so fresh in my mind, the day i lost you will always be fresh in my mind. i still have flashbacks. anyways today is your birthday, i want you to have the best birthday possible. you are 60 today, wow. so do your kareoke with your family and friends you have in heaven. sing your heart out. just always know that you are forever missed. not a day goes by that i dont think of you. i will always love you and miss you. i went to kareoke this month and i got up and sang a few songs, i think  you would be proud. oh no i wasnt great, i did pontoon with tim and thats always fun. something that you would have done cuz i know you liked that song. you mean the world to me dave and i wishing you the best and biggest 60th birthday up there in heaven. i love you dave today and everyday. so enjoy your birthday and i will talk again soon. i love and miss you every day.
happy valentines day dave. hope you are having a good one. i am home today, no work, which sometimes i wish i did so i didnt have to sit here and think and be lonely. at least work distracts me. so much going on that some i wont type cuz im sure you are watching and already know bout it. but just wanted to let you know that im thinking about you on valentines day and that i miss you. i love you dave. have a great day and ill see you soon. love and miss  you always.
merry christmas dave and happy new year. another year almost over and let me start with how much i miss you still. been over 2 years and the missing and thinking of you never goes away. ill be driving down the highway and i still have flashbacks of that dreadful night. like it was just yesterday. i hate that. but i can tell you that night will live with me for as long as i live. i was devastated and so sad, i didnt want you to leave this world. i love you dave and that will never change and i miss you so much. this christmas was ok, but not like christmas used to be. it seems they just get worse as the years go by, and i loved christmas, it was my holiday like halloween was yours. but its just not the same anymore. i do sometimes wish my life was over so i dont worry so much about the kids, grandkids and all the people we love. everything is just so different. i heard a song today on facebook i wish i could put on here but i dont know how. it was so good. i know you are singing with the angels cuz i know how much you loved to sing and do kareoke. i hope they have kareoke in heaven cuz i know you are in line doing all the songs you liked to sing and new ones too. tonight is kareoke in dodge at the bowling alley. she dont have it much anymore, since the tornado hit pilger. sad but true. its new years eve and as usual i have to work but thats ok, tonight is the one night i dont mind. my legs are giving me alot of pain and it gets so bad that by the end of my work day i can hardly walk. there are times i leave work and just cry cuz im in that much pain. i went for help and they dont seem to want to help me so i struggle with it. but you know me i can push through alot of shit. almost at my breaking point tho. i see dean every once in a while and he talks to me and i thank god for that. havent see tom or helen in a while but they too ask how im doing when i do see them. you are still missed by everyone, you are so loved and such a good person and at times we lost sight of that in each other. but we were doing so much better and then you had to leave. i am grateful to god tho that i got to be with you in your last moments. i thank him for that. i got to hear those last words from you lips. i do miss you everyday dave and i miss you for the rest of my life. i know we will see each other again and until then i will go on talking to you thru this forever missed. i love you dave and enjoy your new year singing and watching over the kareoke in dodge. til next time, happy new year dave. love and kisses. kelly
nother thanksgiving come and gone and you are still missed and thought about every day. i hope yours was a good one. i feel so lonely. sad alot of the time, especially when i sit home alone. i added another picture for you. that one is jeremy and jessicas baby they had october 10th. theres alot i want to say but since this is public i wont. but i think you know already cuz i talk out loud alot and i know you hear me. there was a bad accident in wisner thanksgiving morning one car and a 19 year old from stanton. he will be joining you soon. so sad they are all leaving so soon. i sometimes think why am i still here and the young ones all go. sometimes i dont understand it. its said that we all have a purpose here on earth but honestly dave i sometimes wonder what mine is. i dont know. but truth is and always will be, that i think of you daily, and i miss you so much. even though its been 2 years, which i cant believe how fast that went, the hurt is still there and the missing you is still the same. i guess i put on a good front when im not alone but it all comes out when i sit at home. i really wish you were here. i really believed that i would go before you, you were always stronger than i was, you deal with things so much differently than i do. i will say i am becoming you when it comes to naps. i do them alot now and i dont understand why. has to be that part of you rubbed off on me when it comes to that. lol. please never think that you are not still loved or missed cuz you are by me daily. i will forever love you and miss you and you will forever be in my heart. so i will sign off now til next time. i love you dave now and always. forever missed.
hello my love, today is 2 years since you went to heaven, and let me tell you it still feels like yesterday. i still have flashbacks of that awful night, i cant seem to shake them. ill be driving down the street and they just pop in my head, so many songs bring them back. i doubt they will ever go away. i keep telling myself, what could i have done different so the outcome could have been different, i honestly thought i would go first, i really did. not a day goes by that i dont think about you and miss you so much. jeremy wanted me to go to thunder by the river this year, but i still cant bring myself to go. maybe some day but i doubt that. my back is messed up, got some disc issues, they want me to have a mri to see exactly what is going on, then pilger was lost in the tornadoes, so devastating. oh lisa's dad, red, you knew him, he was in a accident while at work and it killed him. more sad news, i guess a student driver turned in front of him, he was loaded too from what i understand. lisa was crushed as was i from your passing. the nurse at the drs office asked me if i remarried, im like no. it was nicoles mom, she said she didnt know my name has always been martinez. then she asked me how long ago, i said 2 years on monday. this was thursday, friday. jude and lorelie came in to mcdonalds on their way to the fair, you would be so proud of him, he is so smart. you could sit and hold a conversation with him, unless of course he got side tracked. hes getting so big. lorelie is just the cutest thing. got the curliest hair, just beautiful. jeremy and jessica are having a girl in october. cant wait to meet her. they are naming her ivalee faith. its growing on me. at first i wasnt to keen on the ivalee part, but its growing on me. havent talked to jr or jackie in quite some time. my fault. i wish i was more outgoing like you were. i mainly just keep to myself and stay home. i still talk to maryjo alot. shes been such a lifesaver in my life. thank god for her. she has helped me alot thru all of this. i havent seen or talked to the boys either. i guess les is living in fremont and was on disability but then rumor has it that he lost it, so i dont know from there. jesse and angel live in wisner with gunnar. dont know much more about them. kayla and abe and kids live with julie in uehling. of course the kids too. abe made manager at mcdonalds. sure is different from years past. good changes too. i think you would be proud of him. i am. boy i miss you so much. smoky just sitting here next to me, as usual, by my side. the other day he decided he was going to take himself for a walk and went to the church on the beemer/lyons road, you know the one, im sure. little brat. i see your truck alot, your boom truck, you know the one you always wanted, lol. im just kidding. you would hate it. i know. every time i see it i wait for it to honk but it doesnt and i get sad. i will always love you dave. as long as im living i will love you and miss you every single day. i have memories, some good, some bad but they are mine and i will never forget the years we had together and i wish we could have more. so i will leave you with this news for now and i will talk to you again soon, im sure. i love you dave and i miss you so much.
hello dave, happy 4th of july. i hope you enjoyed the fireworks up there, i bet they were beautiful. i was going to go to the ones in westpoint but the baby smoky didnt like the noise, you know how he is. so i came home to be with him, i tried to sit outside and watch some in town here, but of course he got nervous so we came inside. but its ok. i dont know what i would do without him, i would miss him as much as i miss you. i do you know, miss you so very much. im sure you heard or seen by now the devastation that pilger suffered. i havent drove down to see it in person, but diane has taken several pictures, so ive seen it thru her eyes. so many people lost everything, i feel so badly for them. volunteers go everyday to help, and i know you would of been there every chance you could have. from what i understand the bar will not be reopened, and i really havent heard how much damage was done to marys house, but from what i hear lindas is ok. but charlene was in the coop when it all happened. there was 1 death of a 5 year old little girl in the devastation. and another in a car i believe. i have not ever in all my years seen a tornado that big, double at that too. it was huge. also look for lucky up there, he has also passed. im sorry to say. that story i will save for another day, tho not a very good one. so now you have shorty and lucky with  you again, i do miss you every single day dave. i still have flashbacks of that night, like it was yesterday and its been almost 2 years. i cant believe how time has flown by. it really still feels like yesterday. well i will let you go for now and i will talk to you again soon. i love you dave and miss you every one of them.
oh one more thing, i forgot to tell you i added some pictures of jude and lorelie on here for you to see. they too are getting so big. enjoy them. love you dave always.
hello dave. happy fathers day to you. i hope you are having a great one with your dad and your brothers. i spent the whole day cleaning and sanitizing. it was fun. lol. i still miss you every single day and i think about you constantly. i still have the flashbacks of that night. to be honest i could do without those, not that i will ever, ever forget that night. no way i could. i also miss the house. yes it was a huge house and way to big for one person but i really do miss it. i drive by sometimes just to see it, i did the other day and i believe mexicans bought the house. also bad news, lucky has passed on, maybe you have seen him by now. i dont know all the details, but i know she was pregnant and they got ignored, i wish she would have called me or something, i would have went and got him til she could be home again. very sad. but im sure you are with him and shorty. i bet shorty is loving seeing you again, lucky too. not too sure about max, kayla and abe took him after you passed but couldnt handle him so they gave him to the pound. so i dont know what came of him. i will tell you that izzy is very happy where she is, i got a letter from the lady to let me know that izzy is doing great and shes even been to new york a couple times. romeo is on the farm and i bet he is loving that, he really needed that, but you know how he liked to run. i really wish i could see your face again, i miss you so very much. i just want to sit and talk to you and see you and do things with you. i love you dave and i always will. have a great fathers day and always remember and know i think of you always and miss you so much.  i love you dave, til next time.
hello again, i just wanted to wish you a very happy birthday dave. i also wanted to let  you know that you are so missed by all. everyone remembers you, you left such an impression on people, which is a good thing. abe is back working at mcdonalds again, which is good, he always did a good job. the kids cute and honory as hell, which im sure you would love. they are adorable. loralies eyes are gorgeous. jude is getting so big, talking like a grown up, its so cute. but im sure you see all that as you are looking down on them. jesse and angels baby i havent seen but in pictures, he also is very cute. i so miss you every single day. i also still see that day in my mind like it was yesterday. that part i wish would go away. but one thing that will never change is the love i have for you. i will always love you and miss you each and every day. i added a couple songs on here for you. probably not the choice you would make, lol. i really do  miss talking to you each and every day. maryjo has a party coming up for her birthday. i know how you loved going to those parties. i wish i could say that i would drink for you, well i can say it, but in all honesty i probably wont do it, i dont know why. the last i heard about les is that he is living in fremont and sorry thats all i know. but im sure you are looking down on all of them. i hope you are having a great 59th birthday dave. i love you and miss you so much. til we talk again always know that you are in my thoughts each and every day and will be til the end of my life. i love you dave.
happy easter dave, yep im a couple days late i guess. sorry. i spent the day at jeremy and jessicas and then went over to kari and adams for a bit. came home and sat and did nothing. it was fun. hope yours was good, im sure it was you were also with family. jeremy and jessica are having a baby now. due in october. kind of exciting. last week kayla and abe moved back from missouri and brought jude and lorelie to see me. you would be so amazed at jude, getting so big, talks like a champ. so cute both of them. lorelie just so happy all the time, always smiling, so i bet even your bold approach wouldnt make her cry, remember how jude used to cry when you first got there. but he got over that. she is such a happy baby. so cute and the hair, wow, she has lots of it. you have a birthday coming up on monday. i think about you daily, i have even though its almost 2 years, which i cant believe. time has gone by so fast. i loved you then and i love you  now dave, nothing can ever change that. i miss you so very much. i will stop here and talk to you again on monday. i love and miss you dave.
hello dave, still thinking of you and so missed and so loved. wanted to let you know that you became a grandpa again, this one is a boy from jesse and angel, they named it gunner davey smith, very thoughtful to name it after you. no i dont talk much to any of them but you know small towns, word gets around. but i do keep up, try to anyways. time sure is going by so fast since you went to heaven with your other family. but you are always thought of here, by me and so many others. i still miss you so much. i also still have flashbacks from that night like its happening all over again. i dont know if those will ever go away, but your memory will live with me for the rest of my days, no matter how many of those are left. i love you dave and miss you terribly. so til next time . love always kelly
hello dave, happy valentines day. I know you got some chocolate there in heaven. I got the neatest letter on Saturday. the place that took izzy and romeo in wayne, the lady that was there to pick them up that day kept izzy, she had her groomed which was a complete shave but she was still cute, she also said that izzy was the most well behaved chow she had seen and as you know she was. anyways Saturday she sent me a thank you letter for giving her izzy, she sent the letter cuz she knew how hard it was for me to watch them go. she was going to put them in the car and izzy just turned and looked at me and wouldn't get in the car, I felt so bad, I had to walk over and help her get in the car. she also sent me a picture of izzy now and she looks so good, they are taking such good care of her, shes been to new York a couple times. I was so glad to see that. I don't know exactly who took romeo but jenny told me that he went to a farm, which is really good cuz that is what he needed as much as he liked to run. im so glad they are happy. so I hope that was a good valentine gift for you this year dave. I still miss you so much, I love you dave and happy valentines day.
merry Christmas dave. things just aren't the same without you here. I miss you so much. when I need someone to talk theres nobody there. I don't know if things will ever be the same again. I try but I still have such bad days sometimes. holidays will never be the same. nothing will and I miss that so much. spending time alone cuz everyone has other families they have to spend time with as well. I want to wish you a merry Christmas for you and your family that you are spending it with. I love you dave now and always.
hello honey, I just wanted to wish you a very happy thanksgiving, the holidays just aren't the same with you not here. I miss you so much. I talk about you all the time and I think about you constantly. I think back on the memories we had and the past holidays we had together. I still have flashbacks of that night, I wish those would go away. they come at random times so suddenly. nothing could ever make me stop thinking of you. I love you and miss you everyday.
put some new pics of jude here for you. and kayla had the baby. she named it lorelie jo. very nice isn't it? I put some pictures of her too so you can see your new granddaughter. she is so cute. I get to see her in person today. they are coming to visit. great news huh. I guess larry's cancer is back and he wants to see the kids. but I get to see them too. excited. love you dave . missya
hello dave, well Halloween has come and gone and I really missed seeing what kind of crazy costume you and tim would come up with this year. I think my favorite is the ugly hooker year, boy you guys were ugly. but it was fun. boy do I miss you. sitting alone really sucks. but I give thanks to tim and maryjo. they have been great. especially maryjo, she is the best. love you dave.
oh yea to let you know that kayla will be having her baby girl on the 7th. will post some pics to this site later so you can see your new granddaughter lorelie, pretty name huh. they have moved back to Missouri, cuz of you know who, im sure you've been watching. stupid shit, huh. will let you know more later, love you and miss the shit out of you.
hey dave, just a note for you. missing you always, last week on my break had this overwhelming urge to text you. still wait and hope for you to come in the door. just wanted to let you know that I still think about you daily and miss you even more,. I love you dave.
just sitting here bored so got on computer and seen this thing a man with his wife 75 years and she passed, he wrote a song for her. so beautiful. that's a long time and we didn't have 75 years but I miss you so much, miss the talking and just someone to sit at home with. I had to give up the house, im so sorry,. but I have all the memories. always in my heart dave. I miss and love you.
been a year ago today that we lost you dave, I miss you so very much, I feel like it was just yesterday. there isn't one moment of that day that I don't remember or have flashbacks about. this is also the weekend of thunder by the river again. bad memories, but good ones too. I lost you and I miss that, the talks we had, the arguments, the good and bad. I miss you so much. rip dave.
hello dave, Happy Fathers Day Dave. today is fathers day and i no we would be preparing for a bbq, cuz that is what you liked to do. and you would wait to hear from your kids to wish you a happy fathers day. i remember most everything and i miss you and everything we did together and just talking to you, although i still do that, i hope you hear me. have a great day spending it with your
ont:     dad and brothers and friends. things will never be the same here without you. your roses are beautiful. i took a picture of them for you. 2 of the rose bushes you planted last year are blooming too. you would love them. you loved your roses. i miss you so much dave. i love you and you will be forever in my heart. happy fathers day, i am thinking about you always. l love you dave.
Hello Dave today is your birthday and I wanted to wish you a very Happy 58th birthday !!!!!  I listened to you sing kareoke today. I found some cd's of you from Pilger, roadhouse, and coach mans, that One one was from 2007 awhile ago it felt so good to
Actually hear your voice. So I hope today you are  Singing with your family and friends already passed. I'm sure u are.so enjoy your birthday and no that I'm thinking about you And I love and miss you so very much. That house is so lonely without  You. Love you Dave today &amp; always
hello dave, just sitting here thinking about you, as i do every single day. but i just wanted to let you know that im thinking about you and missing you so much. i wish that you could be here and make things better. i love you dave and miss you so much. just wanted to let you know.
hello dave. today is easter so i wanted to wish you  a happy easter as always. and to make sure you got your easter chocolate, which i know how you love your chocolate. last night was tims 60th birthday party, which  you would have fun at, singing and being with friends. it was fun, i went for you, course i didnt sing for you but i had fun. have a great easter, i love and miss you so much.
hello dave, its st patricks day today, time for corned beef. wisner had the usual parade and stuff yesterday. i didnt go cuz i was to much of a wimp to sit in the cold, but jude, kayla and abe went, they came by yesterday. hes getting so big and talking so much. still chunky but so cute. you would be so proud granda. you will be happy to know they have another one coming nov 4. i love you.
miss you so much everyday. i still wait for you to come in the door. daryl bruning passed this past week. so you will be seeing him soon. you are as much in my heart now as ever. it will be 8 months tomorrow and to me it feels like yesterday. i relive that day often. i see it in my head all the time. i love and miss you so much dave.
well davey - its been 7 months &amp; it aint getting any easier for us -big tim, - jr.(as you called timmy ) or me. we still look 4 u at karaoke-just not the same. big tim still hasnt sang the toby keith song -i'm not as good as i once was --cuz that was you &amp; his song- but we are trying hard to move on. big tim wears your work jacket &amp; jr has your cover-alls . he said your laughing at him em.
ontinued --anyway-davey we miss you alot- and we know your watching over us--
Happy Valentines Day Dave. I wanted to go and buy you the box of chocolates as i did every year. It was a lonely day for me. I miss you so much. Every day i wish that you were here. This being alone sucks and I want you back. Theres so much i could use your help with. I love you Dave and i miss you so much.
Happy New Year Dave. Its no 2013 and i dont know whats in store for the new year but i sure hope its a lot better than the last one. I wish you were here to bring in the new year together but in my heart and my head we are together and i hope this year brings good luck and fortune to us both. I love you Dave and i miss you every day.
Merry Christmas Dave. I love you and miss you every day. This christmas just isnt the same without you here. I hope you spending christmas with your family that you lost. MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU DAVE. I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU SO VERY MUCH.
Happy Thanksgiving Dave!!!!. the holiday season is here and its the first one without you. so lonely without you. i miss you and i love you.
Life just isnt the same without you here. i miss you Dave so very much and when it comes to dealing with some situations i look for your guidance and want your opinion. I miss listening and watching you sing at kareoke. I just miss you all the time. I still have my conversations with you and wait for your answers. Dave i miss you so very much!!!. I Love You Dave. always.
miss you dave, i still wait for the texts everyday and i wait for you to come in the door every night. i cant seem to grasp the fact that you arent coming back. you are in my thoughts every day. i hope you hear me when i talk to  you. i love you dave and miss you so very much.
It's been one month today since you went to heaven, and i miss you and still wish you were here. I talk to you everyday just like you were here. I love you Dave and i miss you so very much. Today we would be in Texas visiting Jr and Jackie and i really wish we were. I miss you Dave.
we miss you davey=not the same w/o your morning txts etc. you were a true friend which are hard to comr by
just wanted to let you know that i miss you and love you and think about you every day. i miss our conversations and/or just sitting in the same room with you. i love  you dave.
will miss him everyday. he was so generous with people. he also humored me alot with my crazy ways and ideas. i love him so much. forever in my heart you will be and in my life. god is taking care of you now. i love you dave.
You were the best father I could have even ever asked for! I love you and miss you so damn much! It's still just not real, you can't be gone. I will make sure that Jude knows all about his Grandpa! I love you so much Daddy!
I didn't really have the pleasure of knowing Dave that well or unfortunately that long but, I do know that he made Kelly happy &amp; for that I love him. I know he will truly be missed by all who did know him. R.I.P Dave, you are a good man!
Such a sweet amd gentle man taken too soon. Love u davey
Davey always had a smile on his face and a kind word for everyone that was fortunate enough to cross his path.
May you find peace and comfort  in knowing your memories in years to come will forever keep your loved one with you. I will always remember his visits to First Baptist Church Warsaw Iill
Smith Family, Thank you for sharing your dad with us( Michael, Jimmy, James, Marion, and Natashar). He will be greatly missed.  Love Always  Moore Family
Our prayers are with the family of Mr. Robert Smith and we pray that the peace of God will comfort you during your time of grief.Trust God as he bring you through for weeping may endure for the night but joy will come in the morning.Love you all.
Daddy I have always loved you from the moment I knew you.You have been the light of my life may God bless you and keep you and I will see you when I get to Heaven.
Dame big bradda u r truly missed and loved by many why u have to go so early I missed seeinq u I miss hearing u laugh I missed my phone ringing and saying George loc I'll give anything to have u back on westside "I WANT MY FUCKING BRADDA BACK"   u still had a. Whole life ahead of you man you had a son that look up to u tears WESTHEAD DON'T DIE THEY THUQQ IN THE SKY LOVE U BRADDA
I miss you friend
Gone but not forgotten.
Micheal although I never met you personally,I see your face every day. Through you I met your mom and family. Your mom and step dad are some really cool people and my family thinks the world of them. Also can't leave out Matt and Megan proud of both of them. Your family misses you hear on earth but we all know you are watching down on everyone. One day we will meet up there in heaven. RIP Micheal Smith
Micheal although I did not know you you gave me the opp0rtunity to get to know your family who I now consider to be mine also you have the greatest mother brother sister and step dad who love and care for family. See you up there in heaven one day my friend
please light a candie for my brother please......thank u.
It still seems like it was yesterday, 2 years have gone by so fast, just like when your spirit flew away that Saturday morning, and it caused me to take notice that your not far away, your here in everyone of us. You had me on Sat. Morning, you had My Sister on Sat.Morning, and your spirit went home on Sat. Morning and that's why you loved Saturdays. We love you always will, we miss you and always will, and we'll always laugh cause we know we'll see you on one Sat. Morning.
Ms Nancy.  I Love You.  You ALWAYS made me feel like I was yours.  You always said come on round and get you a seat connie.  You were always real full of love and laughter.  I know those wings look good on you.  I will forever remember you.  I know you are making everyone laugh.   Peace Be Still
Happy birthday!!!!! Grandma. ....I love u always....
I miss u so much...some times I just know you will be calling me to take you somewhere...love u bunches....till we meet again
Rest in heaven Aunt Nancy truly missed....
Happy birthday grandma... I love you and I miss you
Aunt Nancy was my favorite aunt. I loved her a lot. I will miss her beautiful smile, and the laughter that always followed. She was truly a beautiful person inside and out.
Sylvia I was sorry to hear about your moms passing but I know she is in a better place where there is no pain.  She would want you to live and be happy as she will see you again. Im hear for you whenever you need me. Love ya girl
So sorry to hear about the death of your mom....she always kept a smile on my face...she'll be missed. I will keep your family in my prayers. Deepest sympathy!
Rhonda and Sylvia and Your Families I am not gone        While you cry with me  I am not gone       While you smile with me  I am not gone       While you remember with me I will come      When you call my name  I will come      When I feel your pain  I will come      On your final day It could never be      That we            Would never be We shall always       Be together
JUST WANTED YOU ALL TO KNOW THAT WE NEVER CEASED TO PRAY FOR YOU FROM THE TIME SHE WENT INTO THE FACILITY, BUT ONE THING WE KNOW OF ASSUREDLY IS THAT GOD KNOWS BEST EVEN WHEN WE CAN'T SEE OUR WAY, HE GUIDES US.  TRUST HIM NOW MORE THAN EVER, SINCERELY JEFF AND MARY
ALL OUR LOVE AND PRAYERS TO THE FAMILY OF NANCY SMITH.  We wish you all PEACE LOVE HAPPINESS.  Trust GOD he will hold you all up with his VICTORIOUS Right hand.  I thank GOD that we had and still have the opportunity to be a part of your family.  GOD BLESS you all.   Look up.     Levon Connie and B
Sylvia and Family - David and I send our deepest condolences for the passing of your mother.  We pray for the peace and comfort of our Lord Jesus Christ to uphold and keep you and your family during this time of loss.
Rhonda and Sylvia my heart goes out you and your family at this time.  I have been where your are now. I will not tell you not to cry. But you go on and cry for your tears of sorrow will be replaced with tears of joy and praise. Miss Nancy lived her life to the fullest. Rejoice that God let her stay for a while so we would have the chance to know her. Love you guys and God Bless you all.
You all have my deepest sympathy.  May the Lord continue to comfort you and keep you at peace.  Seeing her photo reminds me of back when we were kids and they were all young on Indiana Avenue.  Thinking about seeing her up on the porch watching us play.  Good memories.   Keeping you all in my prayers.
Rhonda and Sylvia and Your Families I was blessed to be able to spend time with Aunt Nancy the days prior to her home going. She enjoyed the conversations and laughter we shared as I sat with her enjoying her favorite TV shows.  Her spirit will be with us all as she is now in peace and with our Lord
In John: 14 it says Let not your heart be troubled. I go to prepare a place for you, and in my fathers house are many mansions. You went home mama, but not without us kissing and loving on you, the way you loved us. We were already missing you, but now we know that you will be there when we get there, and that's a comfort to us all. Love you mom Luv and prayers is what you taught us.
Sylvia  you have our Love and Prayers  every Sunset will bring you peace and every Sunrise will bring you and your Family hope.  Our thoughts are with you.  Words dont seem enough right now but we hope you  can feel our heartfelt caring and deep sympathy.  We will forever miss her .       LOVE,    Beulah  Bobby,  and   Mark
Aloha `oe, aloha `oe E ke onaona noho i ka lipo One fond embrace, A ho`i a`e au Until we meet again ♥ I'll miss you, Big Mama. ♥
James, Sylvia &amp; Family, You all have our condolence. May God provide peace and comfort. Tony, Tamika, and family
We are in great, great sympathy at  the loss of your dear mother. I didn't know that her name was so similar to mine, mine being Nanci Lou. I wish I could have met her. Thank you for calling us Sylvia and dear James. Love and sympathy always, Nanci Humes, Barry Humes and the kids....
I got to know Mrs Nancy while she was at Clark Rehab. She was a wonderful person she could make you smile just by saying"Hi baby how are you today " God just received one of the most special angels. We love and miss you very much Mrs Nancy.
Prayer  The name of the Lord is a strong fortress; the godly run to him and are safe. Proverbs 18:10 We pray for your family at your time of loss.
How lovely is thy dwelling place, O Lord of hosts!  My soul longs, yea, faints for the courts of the Lord; my heart and flesh sing for joy to the living God!... Blessed are those who dwell in thy house, ever singing thy praise... O Lord of hosts, blessed is the man who trusts in thee!  Psalm 84:1-2,4,12 (REST IN PEACE COUSIN NANCY)
I extend my Deepest Sympathy to you, so sorry to hear about the death of your mom. May God's richest blessing be on you at this difficult time. I pray that God will give you the strength to endure. Mary Hunter
Ms. Sylvia, so sorry to hear about your mother. You and your family are in our prayers. Remember, earth has no sorrow that heaven cannot heal.
he day you left for a place in the clouds.I hope it's as nice as it sounds.As nice a place as the one you left.The place that had all your family and friends.The place that has your family and friends.I never got chance to say goodbye.Onthat day that you elevated to the sky.To think about it brings a tear tomyeye.remember when you use to tell me I change your dipper lil girl give me akiss
MY CONDOLENCE GOES TO THE FAMILY. TONY WAS A NICE GENTLEMEN I DIDNT KNOW HIM PERSONALLY BUT WHEN EVER I WOULD BE IN PICO AND RUN INTO HIM HE WOULD SPEAK AND HE ALWAYS JOKED AROUND WITH US WHEN I WOULD BE OVER TIP AND JUANITA'S HOUSE TONY MAY YOU R.I.P!!!
my beautiful mommy, she was the rose with 24 karat gold tips of my heart. mom was a good christian woman, she had us 8 kids, she never met a stranger, she was a good cook, she was a great wonderful grandmother, i loved to hear her pray. id give anything to hear her pray again. mom a big chunck of my heart died when god called you home. i felt like a big part of me died. i miss you so much.
DAD, THERES NOT A DAY GOES BY, THAT I DONT THINK OF YOU AND HOW I WISH MY GRANDBABIES WOULDVE GOT TO KNOW THEIR GREAT PAPAW. DAD I MISS YOU SO MUCH AND I LOVE YOU. HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD. YOUR BABY GIRL GINGER
THIS WONDERFUL MAN IS MY DADDY, I WAS MY DAD'S SHADOW, I LOVED WATCHING AND HEARING MY DADDY PREACH THE WORD OF GOD. HE WAS A GOOD FATHER, A GOOD PROVIDER FOR US. HE RAISED 8 KIDS. I LOVED HEARING HIM SING AND WHISTLE THE LORDS MUSIC. I WAS BLESSED TO HAVE HAD SUCH A WONDERFUL MAN AS A FATHER. YOU ARE MISSED SO MUCH DAD, MY HEART ACHES STILL, I STILL CRY AT THINGS THAT REMIND ME OF YOU.
Happy birthday Dad. I know you are celebrating playing your guitar for God and all his angels. Continue resting Pop and I love you.
5 years doesn't seems that long but since you've been gone it's like an eternity. Dad I miss you more each and everyday.I miss your laughter, smile and especially the sayings you would say that always put a smile on everybody's face. Dad you are truly missed by everyone. Love your Son.
Hello Daddy!! Oh how I miss you so much!! You are truly a jewel!! You loved me and my siblings so much!! I am forever thankful and grateful for you always being there for us!! I know that you look down on me daily and lead and guide me to make the best choices that I can. Thank you so much for everything that you have done. Continue to rest in paradise!! I Love You Dearly!! Krystle Rico!!
Sweetest Husband, We celebrated your 83rd birthday this past Sunday by letting go balloons.  Jamon, Keonte and Bright-Eyes misses you so much. Remember how you used to tell her "don't sing your song - WAH! WAH!? LOL  Kevin, JP, TaVonna, Sam &amp; Krystle all had nice TRUE stories to say about their DAD.  How i miss you.
Man of God, Darling Husband &amp; Father, You are one in a million.  We had a fantastic marriage that ended too soon.  I remember your love and care of your Family.  You lived the life you preached about; you stayed strong in your Faith and walked closely with God.  I carry your image in my mind, you voice in my ears and your love in my heart.  Dear Husband, no one can ever take your place.
Hilda, you are a reminder of how nice life can be.
Happy Birthday Hilda!  Thank you for the pleasant visits on those sunny days, and the nice memories. Ron
Today we will enjoy a banana split to celebrate your birthday. I will think of how you always exclaimed "My Lands, that's a beauty!" when the server delivered the sundae. I will remember your delight as you scraped the last bit of topping from the metal container with a smile. "Gracious Me." I will remember the twinkle in your eyes as I watch your great grandchildren frolic. You are with me always and yet I miss you so...
Happy Birthday Hilda!  You are invited to go with me to my niece's wedding Saturday in Galveston.  Two wonderful things!
Funny, I was just thinking about Hilda Bell yesterday during my singing class at the SF Towers. Like so many of my wonderful friends there who have left us, I miss her very much and think of her often. She loved music and was just such a ray of sunshine. Miss you, Hilda Bell!
Happy Birthday Hilda Bell---I think of you often and know you are at peace and miss you each Wednesday as I attend CCC luncheons and meetings. Your bright smile is with me and bless you for the family legacy you have created and left behind. Hugs, Martha
Today I will have a banana split to celebrate my sweet grandma's, aka GiGi's, birthday. It is hard to believe that tomorrow marks 3 years since she left this life. I think of her every single day, most often with a smile on my face, but this morning brought tears streaming down my cheeks.  What I wouldn't give to hear her laugh... To see her eyes twinkle as she played with the kids...the lilt in her voice when she said, "I love you, honey."  She was sweeter than sugar. Stronger than iron. And smart as a whip. But most of all she was delightful.  I am grateful to have her love in my heart and her words of wisdom in my mind. Thank you, Hilda Bell Smith!
Hilda, I miss you, too.  I loved visiting with you in Healdsburg, and working on projects with you and your family.  You are a calming influence on me.  You seem to have had a long view on everything. Ron
I was working up a new song for my San Francisco Towers class, Let's Misbehave by Cole Porter. It made me think of Hilda Bell because it was precisely the kind of music she really loved to hear me play. Yes, I miss her. She may be gone but she is certainly not forgotten....
Hilda was one of the most beautiful and charming women I ever met. She was a lady in every sence of the word and she is truly missed. Suzanna Allen
I think about, you, GiGi almost every single day.  Most often when I'm very happy, very upset, or find myself having a quiet moment somewhere beautiful.  I feel so blessed we had you in our lives for so long and still frequently find myself tearing up because I miss you so much. Thank you for filling our lives with delight and our memories with such goodness.  I love you forever.
Hilda, when you are traveling over Albuquerque, please stop by.  I went to a real southern memorial for one of my ancestors on Saturday, and it was wonderful.  Later, we had iced tea.  I thought you could tell me what it meant when they laid roses down at the end of the ceremony.  I miss hearing your stories, and your calm view of the world.
Dear Hilda Bell, I am so hoping you are enjoying your new life.  Perhaps you have met my parents - none the less I missed sending your Birthday Card last year, which I stiissll have and will keep with me always. I do miss your Hello Sweetie.
Happy Birthday Hilda!  I passed through Los Angeles shortly after my visit to San Francisco and your family, and passed by that Ladybug sculpture down the street from Union Square you happily put there.
I was just thinking about Hilda Bell the other day. I miss her every time I am at SF Towers to teach my singing class. She was such a music lover. I'm glad she was born and I'm really sorry she's not with us now...
Not a day goes by that I do not think of you and the impact you had on my life.  Thank you for all of the gifts you have given to our friends and family.  We will be eating banana splits in your honor on your birthday!
I can't believe I have already lived so many moments without hearing her uniquely sweet  voice.  I have memories of GiGi sprinkled throughout my house - my favorite at the moment is a stone frog statue with a cigar and a jug of booze under it's webbed hand.  I'd really like to know the story about that one.  I know she got a kick out of it because that's the kind of person she was.
Dear Family of Hilda, I simply adored your Mother &amp; Grandmother!  What a lovely and gracious lady. She &amp; I always had such fun with our similar names. One time I asked her if anyone ever told her she looked like Debbie Reynolds and with that darling twinkle in her eye, she said, "Why, yes, Dear, I have heard that more than once!" You are all in my thoughts and prayers &amp; I will miss her so.
Hilda and I served on Calvary's Board of Deacons together, and I so enjoyed her warmth, humor, and truly Christian spirit. She was always a gracious and welcoming presence at church, never failing to take the time to speak to friends old and new, and ask after their families. Shall miss our chats between services!
(posted by Lisa on behalf of Andy Hall, Hilda’s Grandson) “This is how I’ll remember Hilda Bell Smith. Patient as Job...kind, loving, and impish fun. She bent over backwards to show love and care for everyone, and she had a way of doing pretty much everything that let us really know we were deeply meaningful to her.
(posted by Lisa on behalf of Olivier and Elen, family friends from France)   Elen and I were so sad to learn about Hilda. We loved her, as a very "universal grand-ma", a grand-mother for all of us! I feel today that I had the great privilege to experience her sweetness, her constant care to all of us (remembering a few trips with her in France, she always had a kind word for all of us).
From the moment you met Hilda you loved her. She was one of the sweetest, loving and kindest women you could know. The day she moved to California and we all met her at the airport her excitement when she saw all of us was surpassed by our happiness that she was finally here. We will miss hearing "Hi Sweetie" and the hugs that came with it. She will be loved forever and missed terribly.
Hilda Bell was one of my favorite CCC friends. We always greeted each other with warm hugs and smiles and we each cherished shared stories of our families. Her smile and warmth will remain in my heart forever. I am blessed to have known her.
Part 1 - Nanny was the "play with us" grandmother; ready to participate in anything us kids wanted to get into.  Some of my favorite memories are of us at the beach...  taking rides on Grandaddy's boat, catching crabs, cooking, and picking them, and swimming in the ocean.
Part 2 - Wherever we were we always played cards after dinner... hours and hours of various poker games, gin-rummy, and bridge (where she was my partner).  When I think of her, I always think of how much fun it was to spend time with her and how lucky I am to have her for a grandmother.  To have her for so long was an extra pleasure.  I'll miss you Nanny.
Hilda Bell was truly one of the most gracious southern ladies I have ever met.  She greeted us at the Century Club with a warm smile and always a kind word.  She was genuinly interest in ones travels, family and well being.  I will miss her.
I recall having lunch at the Metropolitan Club with a most enchanting woman. But I didn't catch her name. Half-way through lunch, Terry whispered, 'That's my mom.' Oh! So that's where Terry and Lisa caught such charm and vibrance. Yes, a great lady.
Joyful soul. Those words jump out at me as I remember Hilda. What an honor to have had the opportunity to have known her. She will indeed be missed.
Hilda was, is, gentle, funny, dignified, and alert.  She was always busy; I remember all the projects we were involved in over the years.  She made me feel good about myself, and accepted.  She had a knack for putting things in perspective.  Hilda was an intense and loving light in her kind family, who, in turn, loved her very much.  Hilda is now in the sky, and the clouds, and the sun.
Such a gracious and warm person, one of the first people I met when I moved to San Francisco Towers four years ago.  She always was happy to see my little Bichon going out for his walk.She will be missed by all who knew her. -Virginia Westover
I remember meeting the most charming and gracious lady at the opening of Urban Chateau the Friday after 9/11. My opinion never varied. She was truly a great lady and will be missed by us all.
Hilda was a favorite of mine at The Century Club. She always greeted me with a big, southern hello, a squeeze to my hand, and a question as to how my children were doing. She was a joy to be near, a fabulous lunch companion, and a true Southern Lady! I will miss your warm greetings, Hilda!
We truly miss you! Love  Ronnie and May
It doesn't become any easier.  A little less sharp a pain, but still always there.  I really missed you this year.  Our son's marriage, you should have been there.  You should be here.
My beloved, my dear, my friend.  Life without you is without the joy i felt every day with you.  I will always miss you.  Love without end.
We miss you!
I still miss you, terribly.  Life just isn't life, without you. I wish you were here.  I always will.
Jan, I wish you were here.  Some days, i pretend you're just out somewhere, at work, away, shopping, and you'll be back soon.  But, you're not.  I get through the Holidays, mostly by pretending they're not.  And, i think its beginning to sink in.  You're gone.  I won't ever see you again.  Hold your hand.  Kiss your cheek. Smile, and laugh with you.  All of our little in jokes, stories, our history.  I'm less than half what i was.  But, life is still going on, I guess I will too.  The worlds not as much fun, but, its still there, and i still have to deal with it.  I miss you, love.  I wish you were here, so I could tell you how much. Sleep well my dear.
Another year of gray, another year without you. another year of waking up, and wondering why.
My love, my life, i miss you, everyday, every breath, every thought.  I wish you were here.  i wish i have one more year, one more day, one more second to tell you, to show you, how much you are to me.  I will love you always. I will miss you always.
I rember like it was yesterday when you and Aaron came to visit. We  went to our favorite Cajun eatery. And then you and Aaron sitting by the pool reading. ' You are sadly missed.  Ronnie and May
Jan, I love you. I always will.
Jan I imagine you looking on to your family everyday.  Today is your day to celebrate.  I hope you are celebrating with them today.  Wish you and your family only happy moments to remember. Miss you.  Don't worry about your fish, we are no longer in Fish Ville. Take care Aaron Chris and Brandon.
from C.S. Lewis: "No one told me that grief felt so like fear. . . . There is a sort of invisible blanket between the world and me." Great love leads to great grief.
Dear Aaron and family. Our thoughts and prayers are with all of you. I did not know jan well but I saw the two of you together a few times and I could see how close you were.  Love is such a gift and I am happy for you that you and jan found that in each other.  I hope your memories of each other continues to bring you joy. Know we are all thinking of you and your family. Love bridget
Dear Aaron We are so sorry. We had no idea your wife Janice was ill. May she watch over and guide you and your family. God Bless, Rob and Lisa Bergman
Dear Aaron, I know that words are inadequate at a time like this but I wanted you to know how very sorry I am for your loss.  I didn't know your wife but from everything you told me about her, she was a wonderful person.  My best to you and your family.  Kathy
Oh, Aaron, I am so sorry for your loss. If the thoughts and prayers of those who know, love and admire you can help you in this time of such sadness, I know that those thoughts and prayers are raining down on your now. This website is a beautiful tribute to your wife.  Take care of yourself.  Fondly, Diane
Aaron, I'm very sorry for your loss.
Dear Aaron and Family:  Words are inadequate.  I got to meet Janice only once and the Love between you two was evident.  I am very sorry for your loss.  We will make a donation as you suggested.  ((BIG HUG)). Love, Trixie
We hope her memory brings you only joy.  We were privileged to have met her.  All our love, Dori, Nava and Shemaya
I am very sorry for your loss.
There are no words that will remove the pain.
What a gift love is. It is the only thing that is real and it reverberates through time and space, echoing in the hearts, minds and souls of those left behind. God bless.
Aaron, Even in the worst times, I am sure your memories of her will keep a smile on your face and warmth in your heart.  Your family is in my thoughts.
Our thoughts and best wishes are with you Aaron. Having a best friend lose their fight is tough on you as it is for all that loved her. Hugs, and love- Theresa &amp; Chris
For those of You, who would like to do something in Jan's memory, if you would like, please make a donation to any charity that supports Kidney Disease research, such as the Polycystic Kidney Disease Fund, or the National Institute of Health, Kidney Disease Program, etc., and/or; Become an Organ Donor, and make sure your family knows.
Jan, you were my everything. I will miss your smile, your laugh, your kiss, your touch, your breath.  I was a better person because of you.   The world was a better place because of you. Whatever I am, whatever I become, is because you were there, in my life.
This is a very useful place for memories of Jane.
Today I've closed this chapter of leaving my heavenly notes to you son. Your birthday is soon would've been 46yrs old, but your earthly day stopped at 42yrs. Oh how I yearn to see you again. My heart still aches with pain and I can't share the way I hurt because it's indescribable. I love you so much son. We will see each other again. Your memory will stay alive forever. Mommy
Today I see your smile, hear your voice, remembering your jokes, most of all missing your coming by and just checking on your family. Son I miss you so much- but I know you are at peace and waiting for the day when we will be together in Eternity with our Lord &amp; Savior Jesus Christ. You are daily missed. Love mommy.
May God grant us his promise of the peace that passes all understanding during our times of sorrow and pain. It is only with his strenght that we are able to continue this journey without the earthly presence of our loved ones. May God receive all the glory and may we remain patient for our day will come. My heart remains joyful for I know I will see Robert again.
My son you are so dearly missed and today being your birthday is very difficult. I thank my God and though on this side of Glory, I miss you so much and the pain is still so great in my heart- yet my hope is in The Lord and I look forward to the day we will be together again."To be absent from the body is to be present withThe Lord." St.John 3:16 " For God so loved the world" (for you).
God's love endureth forever: What a wonderful thing to know when the tides of life run against you and your spirit is downcast and low. For great is his steadfast love toward us;and the faithfulness of the Lord endures for ever. Praise the Lord! Psalm 117:2 Son I miss you more than words can express, yet you are with me in my heart. Love mommy.
Our community is truly a little less "Vibrant" with your booming voice, colorful character &amp; your bright beautiful smile. Oh but how you must be lighting up heaven. (smile). I miss you as well, but I am delighted that God's plan of creation afforded us an opportunity to still enjoy our departed loved ones through the lives of our family. Sis. Deb
Robert, it is still so hard to not call your cell and say can you come and help me with whatever. I stop and laugh at myself because I can here you say to me "Mommy I'll be there in a few and that few turns out to be 2 - 3 hrs later. (-: Son I miss you so much and I look forward til  the day I see you again. Your sisters, children, nephews, nieces miss you as well. Waiting love mommy.
There are a million thoughts going on in my head right now and its hard to say one thought. There are no words to describe how broke my heart is. I feel. I love and miss u Robert so much it hurts somedays. I will see ur face or hear ur voice or u laughing and I know its u I my ear helping me to feel a little better. Until we all are together again, U are forever missed.. Love Mae Mae
I never thought I would see the day when our crew of 5 would not be 5 anymore. It seems so unreal not to have you here ;-(.. But I know you are finally at peace. No more worries about this or that or this person or the next. I know I will see you again and until that time I know you will be forever missed..love you with all my heart your Lil sis❤❤❤❤❤
The body that is sown is perishable, it is raised imperishable; it is sown in dishonor, it is raised in glory; it is sown in weakness, it is raised in power; it is sown a natural body, it is raised a spiritual body.1 Cor. 15:42-44 One day son I will see you again and we will praise our Lord and Savior for eternity. Missing you so much. Love mommy
Happy birthday Mam, another year gone, time is surely passing along. Missed by us all. Renee
Miss you Mam you are safely in Heaven xxxx
Miss you in so many ways and I know you are in Heaven xxxx
36 years gone today Mam, your are missed each day, you now have Dad with you.. xxx
Miss you today on your birthday
Thinking of you today, sleeping with the angels, miss you Mam
Mam its hard to believe you are gone so long You are indeed so sadly missed We think of you everyday Of the good times we had Our little chats and of course our socialising We were with you Mam  right up to the end So rest assured you were indeed much loved by all   You will never be forgotten because we all have our own little memories here in our hearts So none of us are ever really apa
Bubby, I can't believe today marks the 2nd year you have been gone. Some days it feels like yesterday and others a very long time. I miss you and I &lt;3 you. My anchor is still holding bubby. Father God please take care of my Bubby his life for the most part was sad and tiring. May he find peace and rest in your arms.
Bubby, You were on my mind alot on this the first Anniversary of your death.  I never thought I would have to say good-bye to you my Brother. Life was too short and our time together was not enough. I hope the Anchor is still holding for you and that you are walking hand and hand with our Father. I miss you daily.
Bubby You are gone from my life but not forgotten. I will one day see you again in "Our Fathers home". Bubby even though I didn't get to see you very often we talked regularly on the phone and I so miss our conversations. There is a part of my life that will never be the same again. You will forever live in my heart. Sing with the Angels .
We go back a ways kiddo! We were young when we started! I remember the first time we caught eyes; in English class at Westwood..the first time we decided to go on a date-after Ira made you mad because he copied you and I asked how I could make it better and you said "let me take you out." The first I love you, when you proposed, our wedding plans..our first place together...our little one.
We've been through a lot together...more than most couples our age. We lost touch for a while, but reconnecting with you this last week that you were alive, as like we never parted. We shared a lot with each other..our deepest feelings for each other that we always knew were there. We had plans..vegas, talked about still wanting to be together and some day get married,
Because we both knew all along that we are soulmates, and we were supposed to be together. You are my soulmate! i've known it all along, and you told me that you knew it too. I understand why you had to go, Ido! But- I wish you woud have waited til Saturday to leave...I just wanted to see your face, your smile and hear your laugh...just one more time! We were meant to be, we are each other
oulmate! We will meet again...till then, watch over your mom and sister! stay with me...don't leave me! I feel lost right now without you. You are and forever will be my Bratface, and I your Bratley!  Hugs and kisses to you and my Mom! Love you both dearly! Visit me in my dreams again!
Love you and miss you Gram ❤️
Happy Birthday Gram. Miss you. Love you.
Dear Mom~  Thinking of you on the 4th anniversary of your passing, missing you so much!  I remember all the flowers you planted at spring they were always so beautiful just like your heart ❤️
Happy 92 birthday in Heaven Mom Love You Forever
Love you and miss you Gram.  ❤️
Will Miss you always and think about you everyday.
My favorite Aunt!  She always was so kind to me.  She would have done anything for me.  She let me stay with her for two weeks when I was 12.  We laughed and shopped. She had better things to do than take on a 12 year old, but she did! It was a special vacation for me.  I felt like she was my second mom.  I will miss you Max.  I love you. xxxxxCynthia
Lighting a candle to remember a very special lady...
Another year has passed mom, i miss you just as much as last year. I know u are happy and healthy. We are all doing well. Janice is doing very well. You would be proud of her. I love you mom. And i miss you.
I love you mama! And I miss you so much! I am happy that Aunt Lea is with her Baby sister. She missed all of her siblings and her parents,  but you were here baby, and she's with you now! It's hard for all of us that have been called home yet! But, I know we will all be together again. And until then you keep enjoying your family and we will keep on keeping on. Love you Di
A Candle will always be lit in your Memory Ms Barbara. As I know the pain of losing our Mom's, I lost mine also and the pain remains. Never Forgotten...
Hey Mom, I miss you so much! Its been 9 years now, and I still have those moments when I want to share something special with you. Like right now, Mom I've started taking classes to get my degree in nursing.  Its so hard, but my best friend told me you've got this Diane and "your Mom would be so proud of you!" I love you Mama and miss you every day!!
Lighting this candle for you Ms Barbara, although I have never personally knew you, I do know your daughter. She is I'm sure is a reflection of you ...kind, loving and caring. Its no wonder you are so greatly missed.This candle is just for you Ms Barbara...You are forever loved
Ms Barbara, I truly hate that I missed the chance to get to know you. What a special lady you are Barbara, strong and resolute; Jan is such a reflection of you, you would be tickled pink..she is like a sister to me, Ms Barbara, the hurt and pain is understood, as I too lost my mom almost 2 years ago; you are so terribly missed...this is not goodbye, but see you later..."Rest With Jesus"
Mom it has been five years now and I still miss you more than ever. You left to soon. You would be so proud of me now. I have made so many changes with the Lord's help. I have lost weight and I am serving him with all that I am. I love you mom! Your daughter, Janice
Happy Birthday Dad. I didn't forget, just posting this late. My heart aches when I think of you, being back in town I keep expecting to see you or catch myself wondering what you're up to at that moment. I wonder if we would've spent more time together. I love you.
It's been a year today dad. I thought I'd be fine but my heart aches and my stomach is upset. I can't get over the fact that you're not just at home on your computer ignoring my calls or meeting your wife for lunch at your favorite Mexican restaurant. I wish we had more time on this Earth with one another. I'm sorry for my last words to you. I love you.
For you dad.  <a href="http://youtu.be/LzJA4tb8t5I" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://youtu.be/LzJA4tb8t5I</a>
Leon has been part of our family's life, memories and thoughts for over 50 years  We will miss his FB posts of gorgeous sunsets, his  enquiring mind and passionate sense of justice! Our condolences to his wife, Janice, his children&amp; our dear friends, Maria, Ruth, Dan, &amp; Pierre.  We consider you our family and feel your loss as if it were our own. Cheryl, Lynn, Ken &amp; Carol duPlooy
Thanks so much for doing this, Adria.
As GOD holds you in his glorious arms i pray that you look down on us and see how much love is here around us and for you. your memory will forever be in our hearts.
My heart aches but I'm filled with joy knowing you are home with your Heavenly Father. Watch us dad, see how much you are loved...
My father had many great qualities and was deep down a kind soul who saw beauty in life. I will forever miss him and the chance to see more of him.
Uncle, you will be missed! Thank you for giving us Adria, I pray we will see you someday again! Love always, Sunni.
To all the Smith family. I am so sorry for your loss. May God grant you peace at this time knowing that Leon is no longer suffering.
We'll miss you, Leon.  A good and wise man with a loving heart.
Please accept our condolences for the loss of your dear loved one. May the words recorded at John 5:28, 29 and Revelation 21:3, 4 prove to be comforting to you.
I love and miss you mudea
Madea, God has called another one of HIS Angel's home. She's my grandma, too. Her name is ELLA MAE MURRAY. Welcome her with open arms, just as she welcomed me.
Jeff,   I sit here on this cold night thinking of you. I know you're in a much better place now but I can't help but feel you were taken too soon. I remember going from foster home to foster home as a kid and you never failed to come visit. I'm sorry we grew apart but know I always loved you! R.I.P. Brother.
he day you left,  was a day no one expected. that day was very hectic. no one could understand why. no chance to even say goodbye. but deep inside I know that you are okay. I still remember your goofy laugh till this day. no matter what people have to say about you. I knew all the good things you used to do. this is my goodbye letter,  letting you know that we miss you, and love you.
Day by day I think of you, How can all of this be true? I can't believe you're really gone, I still can't accept it, Even after so long. Just the thought of you makes me cry, I never even got the chance to say goodbye. Every picture, every letter, I don't know if it will ever get better. I always smell your familiar scent, It makes me think of all of the times we've spent. I know we did
To my dear old brother, whom I love; See here's the thing... I love you in the Day Time, I love in the Night Time; I love you when it's Cloudy, I love you when its Sunny; I love you when you are Happy, I love you when you are Sad; I love you when you are Outside, I love you when you are Inside; I love you when you are Awake, I love you when you are Sleeping; I guess what I am trying to say
Hi my angel.  I cannot believe that 9 years have gone by so quickly.  I remember you and all our wonderful times together as if it were just yesterday that u were my little girl.  I know in my heart that Zachary and Kenzie sees you and that a lot of their smiles are just for you.   I love and miss you so much but have faith that we will be together one day. Until then I will remember your beautiful face, your beautiful heart and your beautiful smile.  Take care my nanny B.  Mommy loves you.""""
Happy Birthday sweetie!  Ty for keeping all of us safe. Have fun wherever u are. Love and miss u so much!
Hi my angel.  I cannot believe that 8 years have gone by so quickly.  I remember you and all our wonderful times together as if it were just yesterday that u were my little girl.  I know in my heart that Zachary and Kenzie sees you and that a lot of their smiles are just for you.   I love and miss you so much but have faith that we will be together one day. Until then I will remember your beautiful face, your beautiful heart and your beautiful smile.  Take care my nanny B.  Mommy loves you."""
Happy birthday sweetie!  Thank you for keeping all of us safe.  Your new niece, Kenzie Shanna looks just like you when you were a newborn.  Love and miss you so much.  Have fun where ever you are!
Happy birthday Shanna!! Hope your having a amazing birthday! Miss you! ❤❤❤
Happy birthday Shanna ...you left us way too early I k ow your in  a better place now R.I.P  ...see ya on the other side !!
miss you and will see u some day soon we all will....
Hi my angel.  I cannot believe that 7 years have gone by so quickly.  I remember you and all our wonderful times together as if it were just yesterday that u were my little girl.  I know in my heart that little Zachary sees you and that a lot of his smiles are just for you.   I love and miss you so much but have faith that we will be together one day. Until then I will remember your beautiful face, your beautiful heart and your beautiful smile.  Take care my nanny B.  Mommy loves you.""
Happy birthday my baby!  I love and miss u so much!  I see a lot of you in Zackary.  Ty for taking care of us and him.  Have fun wherever u are
Hi my angel.  I cannot believe that 6 years have gone by so quickly.  I remember you and all our wonderful times together as if it were just yesterday that u were my little girl.  I know in my heart that little Zachary sees you and that a lot of his smiles are just for you.   I love and miss you so much but have faith that we will be together one day. Until then I will remember your beautiful face, your beautiful heart and your beautiful smile.  Take care my nanny B.  Mommy loves you."
Happy birthday my sweet angel  I know that u are watching over us and that little Zack sees and loves you
Hi my angel.  I cannot believe that 5 years have gone by so quickly.  I remember you and all our wonderful times together as if it were just yesterday that u were my little girl.  I know in my heart that little Zachary sees you and that a lot of his smiles are just for you.   I love and miss you so much but have faith that we will be together one day. Until then I will remember your beautiful face, your beautiful heart and your beautiful smile.  Take care my nanny B.  Mommy loves you.
S hanna, not a day goes by that I dont think of you..I miss your soul so much♥ love tasha ayden bryden
Miss you a lot little sis!! We love you so much!!!
Happy birthday sweetheart!  Miss u so much  Thank you for keeping Michael Tanya and Zackary safe.  Always loved and never ever forgotten
Missing you always  Loving you forever
Not a time goes by where you are always in our hearts and on our minds. We all miss and love you Shanna. Memories will always be cherrished.
Happy birthday sweetheart.  I hope that you are happy and at peace and loving life wherever you are.
Missing U on a day like to day shanna but I no u are up there looking down on all of your loved ones &lt;3 love u and miss u each and everyday ! Till we meet again rest easy
I miss you little sis! You were the best sister anyone could have and I love you!
Remembering Shanna today with prayers and hopes that the memories of her beautiful smile will bring peace and healing to the hearts of all who loved her.
I will always be grateful for having you in my life. Love you and Miss you Always.
Hi my sweetheart.  I miss you so much!  I cant believe its been 3 years since I last saw your beautiful face.  I still remember though and love you with all my heart and soul.  We will be together again one day.  I hope you are happy and safe my nanny b.Mommy loves u
I miss you so much. I wish you were still here so I can ask your advice.
Hey there just wanted to day that I miss you Paul. You are missed by a lot of people. You will never be forgotten.
Well Paul would have been 37 this year had he been here, but he is watching over us instead. It feels weird that I will not be able to call him and say happy birthday and for him to do the same in 9 days. I miss him so much. However I will carry him in my heart forever and always.
Well it has been a year,but it feels like yesterday that I talked with you. I miss you so very much. I could use your advice on so many things. How is it going up there? I hope things are great and I wish I could actually hear you when I want to ask you something. Well take care and know that you are forever missed. Always and forever you will be loved and missed.
Well, Today Paul would have been 36, and unfortunately for me he will no longer be nine days older than me. I will always honor him on this day forever, because he was one of the best cousins a girl could ask for. He was a person that I could talk to about anything. He will always remain in my heart. I know that he is looking down and smiling challenging us to be the best we can be.
we miss you every day. i wish you were here with us, but i know that you are in a better place no longer in pain. we love you so much. i will never forget the times you, jeremy and myslef went to the water park you two were allways trying to get me under the felling water. allso the times we were at wipers lake having fun throwing a football around in the water, and camping it was the best
Paul even tho not my blood family he was more family to me then i have ever had in the short time I knew him.... He meant so much to everyone who knew him... I have never come across anyone like him.... hopefully he kow how much he is missed and how much I miss him... I wish he had more time here on earth but God had bigger plans for him I guess
I am soo sorry to hear about Paul's passing. Paul was a great person and made a difference in many people's lives. He will be greatly missed by so many. I heart goes out to his family, not just biological family but extended family as well. Paul can never be replaced and will always have a place in our hearts!
Paul was taken too soon from our lives to rest forever in peace and pain free in heaven. Paul was a great person. Any one who knew him would tell you that he cared deeply about his friends and loved ones. He would listen to anyone that needed a ear to hear or a shoulder to cry one. He will be missed by many, and will never be forgotten. He made a difference in this world.
my bother paul has past a way   it not far it had to happen to him   i am sorry and sad i was not there to say bye to him on the day he was with us befor going to a nother home  but at lest i was able to help him get something he had back home to michigan thow the montens over across lots of miles sorry you were not there for the ride i will love you and miss you my brother paul smith
Think of him often, miss him... The hole he left in our family can never be mended!!
I know this is 2+yrs later, but I just learned of Barbie. I knew her very well many yrs ago. We were very close before I moved to Florida. I pray that she walks with the angels and am sorry I am so far way that I lose touch. My heart and prayers go out to the family.  I am deeply sorry for such a loss.
Its hard to believe your gone. But I know you are in a better place. Love you mama Barbie.
Thank you for the memories mom...you know we all love you very much. I'm thankful for the countless hours of conversation we had recently. And I will keep my promises to you, don't you worry. Your imprint on our lives is deep and will never fade. Love always, Jeni
Happy Birthday Shanny, You are in Heaven now but we know you left your spirit here in earth to dwell amongst us. We miss you dearly. Love Rhonda
I, Dr. BJ Relefourd, along with the Women of Power Directors, Charter and General Members extend our powerful prayers and love to this family, on behalf of our dear sister, Lady LaToshika Smith and walk with you hand in hand and heart to heart, you are not forgotten, you are still fervent in our hearts.   Rest In Peace-Great Woman of Power
TODAY WE CELEBRATE THE DAY YOU WAS BORN! I CHOOSE TO CELEBRATE BY GIVING THANKS UNTO OUR HEAVENLY FATHER FOR TRUSTING ME TO BE A PART OF YOUR LIFE BEFORE YOU WENT HOME TO BE WITH HIM. WE HAD SOME GREAT TIMES TOGETHER LIFTING HIS NAME AND ENCOURAGING EACH OTHER. TODAY IS TRULY A DAY OF CELEBRATION. I MISS Y OU SO MUCH. THERE IS NOT A WORD IN THAT I CAN USE TO EXPRESS HOW I FEEL. SO TODAY I
To the Smith Family - Your loss is our loss! We will miss our soror dearly. I had such a short window of time to enjoy her beauty, but will never forget. You must hold to the memories of all the good times that you shared. Any bad is not important! I direct you to Psalms 46 for comfort and know that God knows and He cares. God is our refuge and strength. Soror Gloria Jones Poole - DST
Sometimes God picks a flower that's still in full bloom. Sometimes the flower that is chosen, we feel He's picked to soon. We're at peace knowing; in God's heavenly garden, He has placed the ones we treasure.
Our family offers our sympathy for the loss of your loved one. Losing someone so young and full of life is one of the hardest trials to endure, but our God has promised to comfort you as you mourn. (Isaiah 61:2) We pray that you continue to be encouraged by the words found at Revelation 21:3, 4 where God promises to wipe away all yours tears as he does away with death, sickness and pain.
Shani, I am going to miss you! I know God prepared you for your homecoming, we were not prepared for your homegoing. I will miss the times we spent on the phone plotting to do things we shouldn't have done :) I will never forget you and i will always cherish the friendship we had. Rest on my friend! My tears are tears of joy !!!!
Shani:) I'm smiling because like you said "God has smiles on you":) All I can think about is singing in the Young Adult Choir at Mt. Herman:) those were the days. Rest my sister and "God is still smiling on you". Love, Wanda D. Burton
My deepest sorrow to the family for your loss,Shani will be missed.A sweet loving person.
my deepest sympathy to the family our prayers are with you in your time of grief,may you find peace and comfort .may the lord bless and keep you. from sharon james and jerelene ramsey.
Extending heartfelt love and prayers to the family. We will always remember Shani, and her beautiful smile. She is in great hands -with our dearly loved Isa who will see after her now.  Always, Rhonda
As a Woman of Power I shall pray. As a Woman of Power I shall stay. Before the Lord and in His care Shall I find peace and comfort there. As a Woman of Power I shall be Ever humble and close to Thee. As a Woman of Power I must know That through Christ I shall grow. As a Woman of Power I shall be All that Christ wants me to be.
I, Dr. BJ Relefourd, along with the Women of Power Directors, Charter and General Members extend our powerful prayers and love to this family, on behalf of our dear sister, Lady LaToshika Smith and walk with you hand in hand and heart to heart, during this time of transition.
May God give comfort and peace at this trying time. Our heartfelt condolences.... love, Brandon and Shamia Morgan, The Thomas and Lancaster Family...
My heart-felt condolences go out to the family.  "Shani" (affectionately known as) will be truly missed.  I will forever remember her smile and the fond memories of our childhood in West Shawmut and Mt. Hermon Baptist Church.  I love you, Girl!    ....RIP "Shani"
I AM SO SORRY ABOUT YOUR LOSS,  MAY THE GOD OF ALL COMFORT BE  BY YOUR SIDE TO HELP YOU AT THIS SAD TIME. JOHN 5:28,29 GIVE US SOMETHING TO LOOK TO. THE MCFARLIN
13 years gone today I love you more and more everyday one day I will have kids of my own and they will know what kind of man you were and what I  learn from you thank you butch  for all that you have instilled in me  Most of all RESPECT i love you
I love you dad and miss you so much !!!!!
Another year gone another year missed happy birthday pops tryin to bring the family together for my wedding but it’s so hard I hope your with us on that day just Incase you forgot it’s October 20th lol love you
Hi dad ... it's so amazing how fast time flies but please know that you are very much missed and that I love you very much I went by and seen grandpa and grandma the other day and the whole time all I did was think about you I love you
I love you dad you live through me every single day that I take a breath some good some bad I don't care I am you I am very proud to say that  we all miss you so much love you butch
Hey Dad it's about that time of year again and u r getting old ☺️ and i'm getting prettier your son is still an asshole the good thing is that he has a wonderful intelligent beautiful fiancée that he's about to marry why did she pick him I don't know yet but you  would love her Sam is still having babies which they all look like me so I'm fine with it I'm very proud of Sarah she's doing good dad I want you to know that you are very missed and talked about very often I'm 37 and Iget told that I'm a Smith but I'm very proud of that so please know that I wish you a wonderful birthday and wish you were by my side I love you
Daddy I miss you so much. You left me way to soon and my heart still aches. I miss so much. I'm comforted knowing mom and grandma Shirley are with you. Even though your physically not here I can feel you everywhere. I love you big guy. Butch I miss you. Love your Kido.
Butch, aka DAD  I live every day with a little piece of you in me some people me call me crazy or even an asshole but that's just who we are and my main goal in life is to keep the name going for you dad #SMITH you're still one of my favorite superheroes I miss you so much. I love you, Cheryl,grandpa Smitty, grandma Shirley. What I don't miss is that damn dog she had. Love happy birthday dad.
Daddy there is so much I can say there is so much I want to tell you,and share with u ...that only you and me could understand and find funny.i know when u left me u thought I was mad at you and you kept apologizing dad I was never mad at you I love you more then words can explain but I am truly a smith and at the age of 36 I still don't no how to explain or express my hurt but I do no one thing and that is I love you sooo much and please give my grandma all the kisses and stop messing with her because I no u and u r up there activating her but like always she couldn't go to far without u...love u happy birthday....
Butch, you been gone for 8 years now, yet you will be in my heart forever. It is a comfort to know you are with mommy....I love you and you are missed.
Butch, you were taken to soon but Mom was there to meet you foyr days before you because God knew you needed Mom....I love you and miss you and you are always in my thoughts...Love ya Bro..
Mom it's been 8 years now that you and Butch passed. Ja'net, Jenny and Josh are all doing well. They are such good kids Mom, they had a few bumps in the road some times but, don't we all. They are very good kids and they are my life. I miss you and love you all the time mom....xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMY, I love and miss you dearly.
Mom you passed away 7 years ago and the guilt and sadness I still feel today can be unbearable at times.....I'm sorry I wasn't there to hold your hand when you passed away....I pray you forgive me for that...I love and miss you always..
Missing you so much today, its been 7 years now since you left us. I hope you are watching over our GRAM she is not doing well right now and needs strength to get better. We think about you all the the and miss you every day. You will live in our hearts forever.  I love you always. Love your big CUZ
You will be forever missed my child, you was like a daughter to me . Hopefully someday we can meet again . God Bless!
I miss you so much and think about you  everyday I still can't believe  your gone there's times I still wanna call u up n chat there's so much I wanna tell u n share with u ..a piece of me will always be broken .till we meet again my friend.love n.miss u more than words can say
It's been so long.. I wish you were here. I still have pictures of you and my sister together &amp; it still blows my mind that you're gone. I'll always love and miss you. Growing up with you was fun. I'll see you again one day. Soon. xoxo. ♥
Love and miss you everyday! My little cuz
Missing you more and more everyday. So many thing I wish I could tell you and share with you. I love you little cuz
Happy Birthday little Cuz, I miss you always!!
You have been gone 4 long years today, I think of you and miss you every day, I Love You!
My heart will be forever broken until we meet gain Love, momie
Happy Birthday to my little Cous, your in my thoughts everyday, I miss you so much!!
In living memory of my little 'couse, I miss you every day and wish you could have been here to share my wedding day! I love and miss you always!
If tears could build a staircase and memories a lane, I'd walk right up to Heaven and bring you home again"
Still feel that I never really got the chance to say goodbye and that I love you dad!
Dad can you believe Trump is President...I remember when we voted for Obama the 1st time and when he won you cried
Happy Bday Dad....Seem like yesterday you were holding my hand....Miss you dearly....
Dad, You were truly one of a kind. I miss your wisdom, conversation and your undeniable humor. You will forever be missed. I love you Dad. Rest in Paradise &lt;3
Happy 85th bday dad may u continue to rip luv u always wishing u was still here wit us so the family could celebrate it together with u
Not a day go by....that I don't think of you....Miss you so much....
Not a day go by....that I don't think of you....Miss you so much....
RIH uncle Monroe (Dad) smith...you are truly missed, sure miss you pulling and biting my nose..miss you a lot down here, but I know your in a better place..tell my grandma I said hi..and yes I know I was always her favorite granddaughter.. :) rest easy, no more pain...love you.
Rest easy Dad... I know u and grandma still watching over me I can feel it especially in my gloomy days...
Love you dad
Love you dad.
Dad ...I miss u so much yr memory will forever live in my heart...oh and Yaaassss dad ...im finally getting married and I know u will be there on the 1st row...
Dad  you are truly  miss on this  earth I you  are. Safe  with Jesus  no more pain,no more crying
Miss u so much.....Wish I can have just 1 more with u.....
Hi Pop I was looking back on some of the tributes and I see that Jamil said something about the Yankees winning it all, well I know you got a laugh out of that, everyone knows the Mets are winning it all. Dad I know that some of the last words you spoke of was us sticking together, well I promise you until the day that we meet in heaven I will try to make that happen.  Love you pop's and say hello to mom's please, tell her that I love and miss her too.
R.I.P. DAD, MISS U SO MUCH...LUV MICHELLE AND ASHLEY
Dad  life is not same  without  you ,but God knows best I  love you forever in my heart
Happy birthday dad love and miss you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAD....YOU ARE TRULY MISSED... LUV MICHELLE AND ASHLEY
Happy Birthday Dad...yr baby girl misses u so much.....If I could just have 1 more day on Earth will You....my life would be so much betta....your memory lives on with me and thru me forever..❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Happy birthday Dad. I miss you so much. I know that to be absent from the body is to be present with the LORD however, I'd rather you were here with us. I know that sounds selfish, and may GOD forgive me for feeling this way but, We (your family) love you that much!! GOD loves you best so sleep on grandfather. Until we meet again, you will be Forever missed!!
I wanna wish u a happy b day rest in peace..luv u
I miss you, Dad! I love you always!
It's been 1 year and I love you even more.  This place just isn't the same with out you.
Well I know that you are in Heaven doing exactly what you done here on Earth, touching the heart of everyone you come in touch with. It is so amazing to me how man people you have touched in your life time. It seems that all my friends was also your friends and we all miss and love you so much.Rest in peace Pop's, ps the one's you cherished so much your grands all miss you so much.........
Mr. Smith was always a very smart and understanding man.  He will be missed, but I truly believe that he is at peace now.  No more pain and I know he and Mrs. Smith are enjoying paradise!
Dad , I was so blessed to have had you.   I'm really missing you,  my friend and father whom I love so much! But at the same time I'm so grateful you are resting in the arms of God.  You,  I know for sure is at peace and with our Lord and Savior.
Dad my yankees and giants is going to win it all and when we do u kno ima be laughing at u......I love u dad ima be a good man to michelle and father to ashley just the way u was to me...ima be by ur grave all the time...
I am going to miss talking on the phone with my uncle we talk a lot about the new and old thing in life I love him but I know he is now resting in peace.
Dad, I know that death is a part of life and that no one is exempt. But you were a Superman in my eyes and I thought you'd be here FOREVER! You were the BEST GRANDFATHER as well as a father, provider,  protector, and anything else we needed you to be. I THANK YOU and LOVE YOU from the bottom of my heart. It hurts that you're gone but I know you're in perfect peace, resting in GOD'S arm!!
You were the best Dad ever...In 2000 u became my mother and my father...i miss and need u so much but i know god needs u more...Rest In Peace my Dear Dad....You Made it Through....Luv yr Baby Gurl...Chris...
DAD" a wonderful man gone but you will never ever be forgot, every since i have known you, always smiling you was just one way you never change  thanks for accepting me into your family. We all love you but GOD loved you the best R.I.P
DAD, I know we all must leave this earth at some point,but i never thought you would leave so soon.You were an exceptional man always putting family first.You had the kindest heart but could be stern when you meant it..I will forever miss you pinching noses..lol. R.I P "DAD" you will truly be missed.Words cant explain how im feeling..Love Ya Always  Monroe "DAD" Smith .
Losing someone in death is never easy, but our heavenly father has promised to comfort you as you mourn. (Isaiah 61:2) We pray that you will find strength in the words recorded at Acts 24:15 &amp; Isaiah 25:8)
Hi Dawn, I can not believe it has been 7 years since you passed. I think about you all the time and hope you can hear me when I talk you. I hope you are happy and enjoying your time with Peanut. Please give her a big kiss for me. I miss you both so much! Charlie and Brandon send their love. I love and miss you. ❤️ Dana, Brandon and Charlie xoxo
Hi Dawn 7 long hard years it's been, there has not been one day I haven't woke up and you were in my thoughts, God has blessed me for 12 years that you were with me and I am Grateful for that. I will always love you and I miss you Love you forever Gary
DAWN, I HOPE EVERYTHING IS GOING GOOD FOR YOU. I MISSED YOU GREATLY AND MY HEART IS BROKEN. I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU AND WILL NEVER FORGET. LOVE ALWAYS JOHN
DEAR DAWN: IT IS 7 YEARS NOW YOU ARE GONE. I ALWAYS SAY THAT    SINCE YOU LEFT &amp;   WENT TO HEAVEN THAT YOU FOUND HAPPINESS &amp; PEACE OF MIND.I KNOW YOU ARE   SURROUNDED WITH EVERYONE, BUT MOST OF ALL LOVE. YOU WILL LIVE IN ON IN MY HEART &amp; MEMORIES UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN. I THINK I TOLD YOUR COUSIN JANE  SAID YOU WERE A GOOD SOUL. I KNOW PEANUT IS SITTING ON YOUR LAP. I HOPE JAKE FOUND HIS WAY TO YOU AS I KNOW MOLLY IS THERE TO. THERE ARE SO MANY GOOD SOULS IN HEAVEN WITH YOU THAT YOU ARE NOT LONELY. I HAVE TO LIVE WITH YOUR LOSS UNTIL IT IS MY TIME DAWN &amp; I HOPE YOU WILL TAKE MY HAND WHEN THAT TIME COMES FOR ME. I LOVE YOU MY BEAUTIFUL DAUGTER DAWN. LOVE MOM.XOXOXOXO
Happy Birthday to you my beautiful Sister Dawn. I love you and miss more then words could ever describe. There isn't a day that I don't look at your picture in my office and wish your were still here with me. It's never been the same since you left us and there isn't anything I wouldn't give to have you here with me now. I love you and Happy Birthday in heaven.  Love your Monie, Gab and Dani xo
Happy 50th Birthday Dawn! I can’t believe it has been 6 years since you passed away. I hope you are enjoying your Birthday and you are surrounded by people who love you. I know you are now free since Mom, John, Brandon and I released your ashes over seas. It was a beautiful day but a very hard one for Mom. You are now FREE Dawn. Please give Peanut a kiss for me. I hope you are enjoying your Birthday. I love and miss you very much! Happy 50th Dawn Rita! I love you! Your sister Dana! Xo
Happy Bithday Aunt Dawn! I love and miss you! Love your nephew Brandon.
Happy 50th Birthday Dawn. I think of you all the time and I always think I was there at your 1st breath but I couldn't be there at your last breath on earth. I never have the words to say how devasting your death affected me. I guess noone understands but God &amp; a Mother who lost there child. I feel so alone in my grief. I beleive that Heaven is a place for wonderful people like you to find peace of mind, no pain anymore  Your cousin Jane said you were a good Soul.. I scattered your ashes  Dawnand set you free, that is something you never were. I know you met Uncle Danny &amp; hope you are all looking down on us. I know you are my Guardian Angel &amp; will watch over me until it is my time to be together again. Dana &amp; I talk of memories when you were children. Life hasn't gotten much  easier here on Earth but I think you know that. I watch a movie or have the gifts you gave me which I treasure, but most of all the Memories that noone can take from me. i  am sending you a balloon today for your birthday with my  all my Love. I Love you &amp; miss you xoxoxoxoxo Love Mom( Mother Duck as you would call me.)
YOURE MOTHER AND I MISSED YOU GREATLY. WE WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU AND WILL NEVER FORGET. LOVE ALWAYS JOHN
TO MY BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER DAWN RITA. IT HAS BEEN 6 YEARS SINCE YOU LEFT US. EVERYDAY I THINK OF YOU &amp; MISS YOU &amp; KNOW YOU ARE IN A WARM &amp; BEAUTIFUL PLACE THAT YOU DESERVE. WITH GOD. . IT NEVER GETS EASIER FOR ME DAWN, HOW COULD IT I GAVE YOU LIFE. SOMEDAY I WILL BE WITH YOU &amp; MY PAIN WILL END.I HOPE YOU MET UNCLE DANNY AMONG ALL OUR FAMILY. I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH &amp; WILL ALWAYS.. YOUR COUSIN JANE SAID YOU  WERE A GOOD SOUL&amp; THAT COULD NOT BE MORE TRUE. I HAVE AN ORNAMENT THAT IS AN ANGEL THAT LIGHTS UP &amp; LOOKS LIKE YOU &amp; HOLDING A LANTERN SHOWING THE WAY TO HEAVEN. I KNOW YOU WILL GUIDE ME WHEN IT IS MY TIME. I LOVE YOU &amp; PRAY YOU ARE HAPPY LOOKING DOWN ON US. LOVE MOM
It's hard to believe it's been six years since our beloved Dawn's passing. Her death reminds us to enjoy every moment we have left before we join her. She would want us to celebrate her life and the joy she brought to us and this world. "When we die we will have a home in heaven made for us by God"  2 Corinthians 5:1-2, 4-5 Love, Uncle Jr
I miss you everyday my Beautiful Sister. Life hasnt been the same since you've been gone.  You are forever in my heart. I love you  Dawn.
Honey it's been six years since I was able to hold you in my arms, I miss you so much I hope you met mom  where you are, you and her can watch over me, I know you are always with me.. we had a love that will never die. I would give anything to have you back. I love you babe I will see you when I get there. your love for ever Gary
To my beautiful sister Dawn. I can’t believe it’s been 6 years since you left us. We miss you so much! I always say I do believe you are at peace and enjoying the peaceful life. Mom misses you so much Dawn. I hope you are smiling down at us everyday. I love and miss you everyday! God bless you sis. Love Dana and Brandon. Xoxo
DAWN, AFTER SO MANY YEARS, I STILL MISS YOU. LOVE JOHN
Happy Birthday Dawn! I hope you had a good day. We miss and love you very much! I know in my heart you are happy and at peace. I love you very much! Love Dana, Brandon and Charlie.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
HAPPY 49th BIRTHDAY MY BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER DAWN. I THINK OF YOU ALL THE TIME &amp;  I AM SO SORRY YOU LEFT US SO EARLY IN YOUR LIFE. SOMEDAY WE WILL MEET AGAIN. I HOPE YOU MET GOD BECAUSE YOU ARE AN ANGEL. I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH &amp; WILL FOREVER. LOVE MOMMY
Hi honey today you would be 49,and I will always miss you forever,I think about you everyday I know you are with me in your spirit. Love you  forever Gary
Dawn, Your mom is missing you a lot. After five years it was like yesterday we where talking and you where coming over the house in Parsippany.I missed the good times. I miss you and I hope you are in peace and happy. LOVE JOHN
There are still no words to describe the pain we still feel everyday your gone. There isn't a day that I don't look at your picture by my bed or on my desk and work and still wonder why this happened to someone like you. It's still not fair and I miss you dearly. I love you Dawn xo
Hi Honey I think about you everyday I wish you were still here, every time I write on this site tears start running down my face, I will love you and hold you in my heart till the day I pass, Then I hope we can be together for ever. This last five years has been tough for me, I have never loved anyone like I love you. Honey I love you and miss you, rest in peace, and may god bless you LOVE YOU Gary
Dear Dawn,  it breaks my heart everytime I leave you a message on here. I can't believe it has been 5 years . Your are always on my mind and will always be in my heart. I hope you are happy and smiling with Peanut in your arms. Please give her a kiss for me and let her know I miss her. You will always be my big sister!  Brandon says hi and sends his love. I love you very much and miss you even more!! Love, Dana, Brandon &amp; Charlie! ❤
HI DAWN: MOMMY COULD NOT WRITE TO YOU RIGHT AWAY. I HAD MY DENTAL IMPLANTS REMOVED FROM MY BOTTOM JAW &amp; I KNOW YOU REMEMBER WHAT A BIG SURGERY THAT WAS. I CAN'T BELIEVE IT HAS BEEN FIVE YEARS. I THINK YOU OF YOU EVERYDAY&amp; KNOW YOU ARE IN A BETTER PLACE. WE NEVER SHOW EACH OTHER  ENOUGH LOVE WHILE WE ARE ON EARTH. GOD BLESS YOU MY BEAUTIFUL DAWN &amp; MAY YOU SURROUNDED WITH ANGELS. SOMETIME I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN.SOMEDAY. I LOVE YOU ALWAYS.LOVE MOM
Hi Dawn! Mom and I just wanted to share another thought with you. Twenty years ago when she first had her dental implant surgery and you rushed her to the hospital in the ambulance. You held her hand threw it all. She will never forget how compassionate you were to her. She wishes you were here again! We love you!! ❤️ Love Mom &amp; Dana
DAWN, I JUST WANT TO TELL YOU, OR YOU ALREADY KNOW IT , MOLLY WILL MEET YOU. SHE IS GOING OVER THE RAINBOW BRIDGE THIS MOURNING. PLEASE GREET HER WITH JOY AND LOVE. LOVE MOM AND JOHN
DAWN, WE MISS YOU A LOT. WE HOPE YOU ARE IN A PLACE WHERE YOU HAVE PIECE OF MIND AND HAPPY.  LOVE YOU JOHN
Happy 48th birthday to my daughter Dawn. I think of you often &amp; i hope you are in a much happier place surrounded by Blue Skies &amp; Angels,. You left this world four years ago &amp; it seems it left so much grief with me. Our family has never been the same again &amp; will never be. We have come apart like torn paper. i should have gone first not you to leave me with such sorrow. I know you are an Angel. Your husband chose to disconnect  from our family which I know you don't like.This was his decision. Dana loved &amp; took care of your baby Peanut until she was sent to you. I love you Dawn &amp; will never stop being sorry you could not find peace in your life. With all my heart. Love MomXOXOXOX0 I hope when it is my time you will be there to take my hand because when you were born I took your when you were a few minutes old. I am so sorry I was not there when you died because I was sure there when you were born at 9:30 AM, a beautiful blonde &amp; blue eyed baby girl. It only took you 1 day to smile at me.XOXOXOXO
Happy 48th Birthday Dawn. I hope you are happy and at peace. This world is not getting any better for us. I miss you and Peanut so much! I hope you are both happy together again. I think about you everyday and wish I had the opportunity to call you to just say hi. You will always be my big sister. I have a lot of good memories of us. Please be moms guardian angel! She holds such grief and sorrow everyday. I wI'll always be there for her. I love you Dawn! Happy Birthday! Please send Peanut my love from Charlie &amp; I. You are always in my heart! I love you very much! Love your sister Dana. Brandon sends his love too.
DEAR DAWN: IT HAS BEEN FOUR YEARS SINCE YOU LEFT THIS WORLD. MY MEMORIES WILL BE IN MY HEART AS YOUR MOTHER FROM BIRTH ALL THE WAY GROWING UP.  YOU ALWAYS HAD A BIG HEART.I HOPE PEANUT IS WITH YOU.YOUR SISTER DANA CARED SO MUCH FOR HER THE LAST YEARS OF HER LIFE AS WE KNOW SHE WAS YOUR CHILD SHE TRULY IS YOUR GUARDIAN ANGEL HERE ON EARTH.. WE WERE THERE WHEN SHE DIED I HAVE HERE ASHES ALSO YOU TOLD ME SO MANY TIMES IF YOU EVER DIED TO WATCH OVER GARY. WELL DAWN HE CHOSE NOT TO KEEP IN TOUCH WITH JOHN &amp; I. WE  NEVER THOUGHT HE WOULD TURN HIS BACK ON US. I AM SORRY I HAVE TO TELL YOU THAT, BUT I AM SURE YOU SEE THAT. WELL,.WE MOVED BACK TO NJ WHERE MY WHOLE LIFE IS. DANA HAS BEEN A BIG PART OF HELPING ME THROUGH YOUR LOSS AND OF COURSE JOHN.YOU WILL ALWAYS BE OUR GUARDIAN ANGEL AND SOMEDAY WE WILL BE TOGETHER AGAIN.. I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU AS YOU ARE A PART OF ME. I WAS THERE WHEN YOU WERE BORN AND I WILL ALWAYS BE SORRY I WASN'T THERE TO SAVE YOU.  I LOVE YOU &amp; MISS YOU MOMMY (MOTHER DUCK) AS YOU LIKE TO CALL ME.
Dawn, Your mom is missing you a lot. After four years it was like yesterday we where talking and you where coming over the house in Parsippany.I missed the good times. I miss you and I hope you are in peace and happy. Love, John"
Hi Dawn!  I can't believe it has been 4 years since you passed away. Things have never been the same without you. I sit here and wonder why God took you. You were a great sister with a huge heart. I know we weren't as close as we should of been but no matter what I love you. You will always be my big sister. I hope you and peanut are together and in peace. I miss you both very much! Please give her a big kiss for me. I know Charlie bear misses her too!
It's been 4 years since I last hugged &amp; kissed you I can never forget your sweet voice, I try to go with life, but without you in my life it is very hard. I know you are looking down on me telling me that every thing is ok. I pray for you all the time. The 12 years we were together were the best part of my life. but we will be together in heaven with god you are an angel in heaven just like you was on earth. I love you and miss you very much.  Love always Gary
DEAR DAWN RITA. ANOTHER YEAR HAS GONE AND IT SEEMS LIKE YESTERDAY YOU WERE TAKEN FROM US. THERE WILL ALWAYS BE A PIECE MISSING IN MY HEART.I STARTED MY LIFE WITH THREE DAUGHTERS, REMEMBER I USED TO CALL YOU MY CHARLIES ANGELS, NOW YOU ARE AN ANGELI THE BEST TIMES OF MY LIFE IS WHEN YOU WERE CHILDREN, ALL THE CHRISTMAS,S THANKSGIVING HALLOWEEN.  WE HAVE MANY MEMORIES. JUST AS I HELD YOU WHEN YOU WERE BORN 3 MINUTES OLD. I WISH WE COULD  HAVEFROZE THE FOUR OF US AND REALLY DID MAKE THE WORLD GO AWAY. I LOVE YOU AND MISS FOREVER MOMMY OR AS YOU WOULD SAY MOTHE DUCK
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU DAWN...WE MISS YOU EVERYDAY AND WISH YOU WERE HERE TO BLOW OUT YOUR CANDLES. YOU ARE IN OUR HEARTS FOREVER. I LOVE YOU
Dawn today would of been your B-Day I will always carry you with me in my heart until the day I go. I don't dwell on the past, but all the memories of us together are good ones. so if you can hear this message some how, Happy B-Day and I love you forever  Gary
Dawn, I love you. I missed you and I hope you are in peace and happy John
HELLO MY BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER DAWN. THERE IS NOT A DAY I DON'T THINK OF YOU AND SO MANY FROM THE DAY YOU WERE BORN UNTIL THE DAY YOU LEFT ME. A MOTHER'S LOVE NEVER DIES WHEN THEIR CHILD DIES. I AM SO SORRY YOUR LIFE WAS CUT SO SHORT.I TRULY HOPE YOU ARE IN A BETTER PLACE THEN ON EARTH. YOUR LITTLE CAT PEANUT IS WITH YOUR SISTER AND SHE IS TAKING WONDERFUL CARE OF HER.I DON'T EVEN HAVE ANY MORE WORDS THAT THE EMPTY PART OF MY HEART WILL ALWAYS HURT UNTIL IT IS MY TIME WHEN WE MEET AGAIN.. YOU WERE A BEAUTIFUL BABY AND A BEAUTIFUL PERSON INSIDE AND OUT ALWAYS CARING . I LOVE YOU MOM. I KNOW GOD IS WITH YOU.
Hi Dawn, I can't believe it has been 3 years already. I just want you to know  I feel you are always with me. You will always be my guardian angel. Mom really is trying her best to deal with this as well as she can. You will always be her first born and my big sister. I love you Dawn and hope you are safe and happy. Peanut is doing well and misses her mommy. She will always be taken care of and given lots of love. I will give her a kiss for you. I love and miss you always. Love Dana xoxo
I love and miss you Aunt Dawn. Peanut sleeps under my bed everyday and I just put a bed under there for her. I love you and miss you. Love Brandon xo
It's been three very hard years without you. The void we are forced to live with everyday just doesn't go away.  There's never a day that goes by that I don't wish you were here and I could just pick up the phone to call you. I'm sad, I'm angry and I'd give anything in the world to have you back with us. Our lives will never be the same and though we will meet again, I do pray that until then you are happy and smiling down on us. We love you, we miss you and we will meet again one day. Your sister, Simone.
Gabriella and Daniella miss you dearly and will love you forever.
Hi honey life has not been good without you here,I will never forget this day as long as I live. but I have been trying to go on with life,I have become bitter and this is something you would not want me to be, I know you are at peace now. I just wish it was me instead of you.The passed holidays have been so depressing. I will always love you. for ever,I hope you and god are looking down on every one. I know you are not alone up there, you have my dad, and my son Drew with you. I will join you all in the future. So I will keep trying to go on in this Nasty world. I love you Dawn with all my heart Your Husband Gary
Dawn I still miss you every day and wish I can say happy birthday to you in person I will always carry you with me in my heart forever. I will be with you soon,Love forever Gary
Hi Dawn I just want to wish you a Happy Birthday!  I love and miss you so much and think about you everyday.  I wish you were still here with us to enjoy your special day but I know you are having a great day from heaven.  Peanut and Charlie wish you a Happy Birthday to! ) please don't worry about your little girl because she is very happy and doing great. I will always take care of her for. I will always take care of mommy so please don't worry! !I hope you are having a big party today with your friends and family and are happy and at peace. Remember I love you!!! Xoxo  Dana
Our hearts are missing a piece since you left us.We will always miss you. Rest in peace. Love John
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER DAWN. IT WILL NEVER BE EASY FOR ME ,BUT I DO HOPE IT IS FOR YOU. I KNOW GOD AND HEAVEN HAVE BEEN GOOD TO YOU AND YOU ARE FREE. THIS WORLD IS COLD AND UNFORGIVING BUT WHERE YOU ARE I KNOW ITS IS KIND. AGAIN, HAPPY 46TH BIRTHDAY AND THERE ISN'T A DAY I DON'T THINK OF YOU&amp; . SOMEDAY WE WILL BE TOGETHER AGAIN. GOD BLESS YOU AND THERE WILL ALWAYS BE TEARS IN MY HEART BUT WITH ALL THE  MEMORIES AS A MOTHER NO ONE CAN TAKE FROM ME,  I LOVE YOU ALWAYS MOM
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! We will always remember you. RIP Love Uncle Jr
Dawn, I miss you dearly.  You were always my big sister growing up.  I remember all the fun times we had together.  You looked out for me and always had a smile on your face when I saw you.  I know you're at peace. Please tell my Mom &amp; Dad, Beau &amp; Pixie I miss them.  I love you Dawn Rita.  God Bless you.  Love your friends,  Vicky, Ron, Samantha, Tyler and Brantley
Hi honey I am still heart broken about you going so soon, I know your in a better place and at peace, I think of all the things we had planed for the future. and that rips me apart everyday, I know we will be together again in another place and time,  I'm just being selfish cause I want you back now, and I know that's not going to happen. Their will never be anyone i will love like I love you. Miss you &amp; Love you forever Gary
Dear Brother Robert "Bob" Smith.  May God continue to comfort your wife, Judy Smith and family.  You will be forever remembered as a Hard Fighting Soldier on God's Battle Field.  You are surely missed.
I will never forget Robert because of the man and Christian he was. He could bring a smile to the most hardened of the hardest and always kind. He is surely missed.
Our Dear Brother Robert "Bob" L. Smith left a lasting memory in my heart as well as his whole family.  He is remembered as a recruiter in the Lord's Army.  He was very personable, easy to talk to and very empathetic.  May his memory lives on.  R.I.P. Brother Bob.  Delia Prescod.
Judy We miss Bob. He always included us in his church duties. We will count him as a brother from another mother- so much fun. He is at peace. ❤️
We think of Brother Robert Lee Smith a lot; especially when we come together and Sing Praises to the Lord.  He may be gone, but never ever forgotten.  He was always a willing worker in the Lord's Kingdom and was always encouraging others to do the same.  May his Soul R.I.P.
Bro. Robert Smith, lovingly called by his Christian Family as "Bob" may be gone, but never ever forgotten.  He had inspired me to volunteer in the Lord's Kingdom with a willing heart.  He left a legacy to his biological and spiritual family.  Your spirit lives on Bob.  Happy Heavenly Birthday.  Your sister-in-Christ, Delia Prescod
Happy 68th Birthday Bob!. We miss your jokes and smile. We think of you often.
To the best Father-in-law ever...not a week goes by that I don't think about something I learned from watching you.  Miss your laugh the most.  Gone but definitely not forgotten.  Rest in paradise.
When I learned of Mr Smith's death I cried like a baby!  I could not believe such a friendly, pleasant person could have have been taken from us...what a GREATT guy! OJ
Judy &amp; Family I know that Bob lives in your hearts daily.  His ready smile and quick wit will always be remembered.  He never turned down an opportunity to serve his church family or his earthly family.  Love you guys and take care.
Judy........Robert will always be in my heart. As you know,  I worked with Robert and learned a valuable part of the insurance business from him. He was a true champion of life and will always be missed.
To the Smith Family.  Our Brother in Christ, Robert L. Smith has left an  indelible impression on me that it lead unto my maturing in my walk of faith and the willingness to serve others.  He is gone but not forgotten.  We need more of him to carry on God's work.  Delia Prescod.
Happy 66  Bob,  We still miss the smiles, jokes and laughter that you provided. We think of you often. We  know that you are no longer in pain and for that we are grateful. Rest in peace.
Happy Birthday, Bob. I am a day late, but had conversation  with Judy yesterday about you. We talked about all your jokes, and your grandchildren and how they thought you were the greatest granddad. Jesse and I think about you often and miss your fun fill ways.   We keep Judy and family in prayer. We will never forget you!
Brother Bob, next month on the 15th will be two years you left this earth. Still laughing at all the silly things you use to say. We all had a blast traveling and singing together as a group. Happy 65th birthday to you. Gone; but, not forgotten. Hang in there Judy. Luv u!
Still recalling your contributions after one years time!  Its not that you quickly think you'll lose someone you're fortunate to work with--although we know life isn't promised to us.  Robert you're gone but not forgotten.
To the Smith Family, I still have fond memories of my Deacon Brother, Bob Smith!  His Leadership will always be remembered and never forgotten.  May God continue to bless you, as I know He will!
Wow! A year already! Time sure does fly. Judy and family, although Bob has passed on a year-ago today, he is still alive in all of our hearts. May the Lord comfort you all on this day! Bob, sleep on in the LORD! Memories always....Jenetta and Dorothy Cooper
Judy I noticed that the memorial of Robert is coming up soon.  Today is Wednesday the 13th and I wanted to let you know that you and the family are in our thoughts and prayers.  We miss Robert very much also, and you are thought of all the time.  Freddie &amp; I love you very much and we are always here for you.  You'll are in our prayers and thoughts.
I remember when I first came to Hillcrest.  He told me that Lavarn and Freddie told him to watch out for me.  AND HE DID!!!! Even while he was fighting his battles, he was fighting for me!  He will be "FOREVER MISSED!"  Love always to Judy, Clifton, and the family.
We were friends for years and had fun together, traveled together.  These are things Freddie and I will never forget our relationship in Christ and personal.  We have great love for Robert and miss him so very much.  Judy just remember we are always here for you we love you and your family and want to see you soon.  Robert will always be in our heart as a good friend and co-worker.  Love.
Happy Birthday Bob! We miss your smile and your jokes.  We think of you often and know that you a in good company with Don, Mary Johnson, and Imogene. We think of you when  we leave church, but Judy has taken your place asking me where I am going/? She is storng and we love her. In love, Jesse &amp; Gloria
Dear Family,  Today, I join you in wishing Bob a Happy Birthday on high.  I miss Bob and that "Bob" personality.  He certainly left his mark on Hillcrest. Though we press on without him, we certainly remember his contribution to our lives and his wonderful spirit. I wish you all blessings from God. I love you.
Judith, Kelvin, Jaquetta, Clifton, Desiree, Aidoo, and grandchilden, Donald and I send words of encouragement as you make necessary adjustments during this time of grief.  We loved Bob and miss him so much.  Hillcrest was personified by members like Bob.  I cannot remember seeing him there in a bad mood or with a frown on his face. We love you.
Judy &amp; family Just want you to know how much i love you and your family,You have my deepest sympathy, and always know that i will be there for you and  your family.LOVE U  GIRL                                          Mary E Davis
I hope that the faith that has guided you in so many difficult times will strengthen you as you mourn the loss of your husband. He was a good man and a servant of God in all that he did. Our faith teaches us that those that mourn are blessed. I know that is true and that you will receive the special blessings that you so richly deserve. Please know that I will be praying for you and the children
I am a student of Mr.Kelvin Smith and I hope that you are OK even though I haven't met your daddy sounds like he was a very good man my prayers goes out to you and your family:'(
Judy and Family. know that you are in my prayers.Just keep you eyes unto the hills from whence cometh your help. No other help I know but Jesus.May God Bless You. Jo-Ann and Leroy
Judith,  I know that God has you in the palm of His hand and He will hold and keep you so rest in HIm.  To the Smith family my prayers are with you take joy in knowing God will see you through this. Let the Peace of God Be Your Strength.
I have so many fond memories of Mr. Smith growing up at Hillcrest.  When we were at Church we were all his kids and he made sure we did what was right.  I can't remember a time being around him when he wasn't smiling and/or laughing.  Mrs. Smith, Kelvin, Jacquetts and Clifton you are in my prayers.  In Him, Jay
It is the Lord who goes before you. He will be with you; he will not fail you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed. (Deuteronomy 31:8) Kelvin, Remember this verse always and it will get you through anything. I am sorry for the lost of your father.  But seems like he was prepared for his heavenly father
Kelvin - I am so sorry for your loss.  Your father clearly impacted your life in immeasurable ways, and there is no doubt that he was proud of the man you became.  May you cherish the many fond times you shared with your father and take comfort in knowing that your KIPP Team &amp; Family is here to support you.  Please send our love to the family.
Judith I have never met a person who always had kind words and a smile on their face.  Judith my prayers are with you
o the Smith Family - My prayers are with you -Just continue to Hold to God's Unchanging Hand and He will not leave. Mr Robert has gotten a new home address , and there he is able to keep an eye on you all with the absence of hurt and pain/and doctor visits - from the pictures i have viewed your memories should be great hold them in your heart and look back and smile* God cares for us all
To Judy and the entire Smith family.  I know Bob was an amazing husband and father.  Just remembering the statement Clifton made, saying "when he is married he will love his wife, just as his father loves his mother".  That alone let's me know how much he loved  you, his family and his church family.  We will miss him always.  Much Love, Sarah
Dearest Judy, Clifton and All of the Smith Family,  Words cannot express how much I will miss Bob.  From the first time I stepped foot in the congregation at Hillcrest, he has been there for me.  Judy, I thank you for sharing him with me.  When you both came here in January, instead of me encouraging the both of you, you encouraged me. Especially Bob. I love you all!  Be blessed!
Judith and family, I am so sorry to hear of the loss of your beloved husband.  My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family at this difficult time.  He will be in your heart forever.  Love Carol
Joyce, We are so sorry to hear the lost of your brother. We know that he was very special to you. Please remember that you and your family are in our prayers. Blessings-Cain Elementary School Staff &amp; Faculty
In the beginning, he was the scary man that would tell me to come back after dinner.  Later, he was a man that I could count on to be consistent and supportive.  I think of him when I think of what a real father should be. I think of your family life when I think about what a happy and loving family should be. You all were blessed to have a father and husband by the name of Robert Lee Smith.
Judy, You and your family are in my prayers. Know that your brothers and sisters in Christ are here for you. "The Lord will give strength unto his people; the Lord will bless his people with peace."                  Psalms29:11
Hi Judy: Suesan and I are so sorry to learn of Robert's passing..know you and family are in our hearts and prayers.. Much love.. Robert &amp; Suesan Branscomb Lacey WA PS: I can still hear Robert calling me "Smokey"..:)
How can I put over 20 years of memories in so short a space. I don't believe I've ever seen him frown. All of my memories are about jokes, laughter, kindness, love, and the brotherhood that he always was surrounded by. Never a stranger!! I'll miss his presence here on earth. Stay strong my sister and family. Love you guys!!
Judy and family, You have been in our thoughts and prayers throughout this situation. You have our deepest sympathy and support. God has smiled on Bob and set him free.  We witnessed  his Christian walk. We will miss him terribly, but will always remember  his jokes and smile and keep him in our hearts.
Sister Judy, Clifton and Family.  We express our deepest condolences at this time of your loss.  We pray that the Holy Spirit will comfort you in your time of grief, and allow you to know that we WILL see Brother Bob on the other side of glory. The world has lost a great man this year and many people will miss him.   Love the Allens
We love you Bob and Judy Smith and family. May you find peace in knowing that to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. No more pain, no more crying, only happiness and rejoicing awaits. May you continue to stay faithful in the Lord and know that you will see Bob again but until then may his peace be with you til we meet again at those pearly gates. God speed and much love
Judy, I am so sorry for your loss!  I am praying that God will be with you during this time.  Please know that your church family is here for you now and always.  And we know we WILL see him again! Love you much!!
Judy, kelvin, jacquetta, and clifton it is with heavy hearts and an overwhelming sense of sadness that we try to express our sympathy.Smitty was a wonderful friend and unique human.We truly loved him so much. We know that the Lord has called one of his Angels home.So many memories. Charles, Linda and Derrick Rashad
Aidoo and Jacquetta my heart goes out to you as you deal with the loss of a loved one. Remember to hold on to Gods unchanging hand and he will guide you through the storm. And remember it won't be a storm always. My sincerest sympathy to you and your family. Angela &amp; Michael and Family
Mama Judy and family, words alone can not express what you all mean to me and my girls..Kay has always called him her ”other”  grandfather, him asking ”where are our big headed grandbabies to the thumps on the forehead... it saddens me he will truly be missed but I know he's in a better place.. Love you always...                               .................Kevakae Kaytreona and Kassidy
My first meeting Brother Bob was on the Southlake golf course on a Sunday afternoon. For some reason he insisted on calling me Anthony. I will certainly miss his encouragement and friendly smile after every message. His memory will continue on in my heart. Family, you are in my prayers. May the spirit of comfort dry your eyes during this time.                  Andrew M. Braxter
What a lovely memorial for your mom.   I have so many fun memories of Dot.  What a beautiful song and so true...gone to soon.  Love you!
Momma, you were the best. you will be greatly missed by everyone especially me. you were always there for me when i needed you. I Love You!!!!!
Oh how i miss u my love. Miss seeing ya face n dis comin february will make one year since you've been gone. I jus wish i cud snap my fingers n bring u back but i cnt. I knw yur in a better plce smiling dwn on us. I love u baby bro n continue takin a rest. Until we meet again!
Happy Birthday Daddy! You are greatly missed. I think of you everyday. I love you so much!!!!
Daddy you will always be greatly missed by me. You were/are my best friend. I love you Daddy!!!
I love and miss you daddy.
MY HEART WILL ALWAYS BE WITH YOU.
gust 30th 2011 my heart was breaking apart. it was time to say goodbye as i kissed you for the last time.my heart began to cry the softness of your skin on mine so warm and gentle made me shiver. wayne you were the love for me.the days and nites are no longer the same without you. one day baby we will be togahter again. so until then " I LOVE YOU"
been 15 months now since you went away. you have given me signs that you are with me. you make my music box play. you make flash lites come on. i miss you so much. when you died a part of me died with you.
been a year now wayne and i have never cried or hurt so much for someone. all i have of you now are the memories of you and me. i miss you so much.
To My Barbie Doll! I Love You So Much And Miss You So Very Muchh(:
Hy barbies doll I miss and love you. Love shianne and family
Heyy Barbie Doll I really miss you alot....I miss those times when we went to Dav. That was fun with you, you were the best family friend ever!!(:~Love youu Lovee shiii~
I miss you so much! Part of me is with you always. You are my very best friend.After all you will always be MY SKID ROW!
Our prayers are with the family. Danny and Winifred Brown
The ladies of the West Point Woman's Club will miss Opal. She was a member of the club for many years.  She was as lovely as her name. Our condolence to Opal's family, Members of the West Point Woman's Club
So Sorry to hear about Mrs. Opal. She was one of the sweetest ladies I knew. I worked with her some at Long Cane Elementary. She will be missed.
Opal was a lovely lady that I admired for many years.  She was an excellent teacher, loved the students she taught, and was well liked by staff members.  She will certainly be missed.  Memories will not fade and we all have precious ones that we will always share. Heaven's a brighter place with Opal walking the streets!
Hal and Lolita, very sorry to hear about your mom passing. I know life has been a struggle for her and her family during the last year. I'm sure you will most certainly miss her, but take comfort in the fact that she is in a much better place. In prayers.
Pretty Woman!  RIP
Aunt Laurel... Rest In Peace Pootus.
Happy Valentines Day beautiful!
Pretty woman in red..Aunt Laurel, wish I knew what to say to you. I was down for Joy's funeral and they told me that you checked out early, sorry I missed you.  I saw Donna, what a lovely young lady she turned out to be. Anyway, rest well love...Peace be with you.. R.I.P
Angel of God, My Guardian Dear, to whom His love commits me here, ever this day be at my side, to light and guard, to rule and guide..Amen R.I.P
Happy 86th Birthday Mom!! Enjoy your day and say Hi to everybody up above. Give kisses to our girls for us.  Loved and still missed everyday. Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxo
Mom Time slips by and life goes on, But from our hearts, you're never gone. We think about you always, we talk about you too. We have so many memories but we wish we still had you!!! We love you and still miss you! Say Hi to everybody from us and give our girls a hug &amp; kiss Love Penny and Dick xoxoxo
Happy 85th Birthday Mom! Enjoy your special day with those we love up above! Say hi to everybody and give our wee girls a hug and kiss!!!!! Love and dearly missed Penny &amp; Dick
Mom This day is remembered and quietly kept No words are needed we do not forget For in our hearts, Mom you will always stay Loved and remembered  everyday. Loved always and still very much missed. Say Hi to everyone one up above. Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxox
If roses grow in Heaven Dad and Pam please pick a bunch for me Place them in my mom's arms And tell her they're from me. Tell her I love her and miss her And when she turns to smile Place a kiss upon her cheek And hold her for awhile.. "Happy Birthday Mom" Say hello to everybody up above!!!! Love Penny &amp; Dick" xoxox
Mom Within our store of memories, She holds a place apart, For no one else can ever be, More cherished in our hearts. You will always be in our hearts and truly missed each day! Say hi to everybody up above from us! Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxo
Happy Birthday Mom" As time unfolds another year Memories keep you ever near Silent thoughts of times together Hold Memories that  will last forever. Have a great time at your party up above and say hello to everyone from us. Love You Always Penny &amp; Dick  xoxoxox
Mom: May the winds of love blow softly and whisper for you to hear. That we still love and  miss you and wish that you were here. We cannot bring the old days back when we were all together. Just happy days and loving  thoughts will live with us forever. Always remembered, never forgotten Love Always Penny &amp; Dick xoxo
Happy Birthday Mom!!! You gave me so much in life Gifts both great and small But most of all you gave me love The greatest gift of all Have a great party with all of the good family surrounding you! Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxo
Mom: Sadly missed along life's way, Quietly remembered every day, No longer in our life to share, But in our hearts, She's always there. Forever in our hearts, sadly missed and lovingly remembered by your family. Love Always, Penny &amp; Dick
If roses grow in Heaven Dad and Pam please pick a bunch for me Place them in my mom's arms And tell her they're from me. Tell her I love her and miss her And when she turns to smile Place a kiss upon her cheek And hold her for awhile.. "Happy BIrthday Mom" Love Penny &amp; Dick
Mom Gone are the days we used to share But in our hearts you are always there The gates of memeory will never close We miss you more than anyone knows We love you and remember you always. Love Penny &amp; Dick
We can't have old days back, When we were all together, But secret tears, And loving thoughts, Will be with us forever. Love Always, Penny &amp; Dick
Mom Our hearts still ache in sadness, And secret tears still flow, What it meant to loose you,  No one will ever know.  - Love Always, Penny &amp; Dick
So many things have happened, Since you were called away, So many things to share with you, Had you been left to stay, Every day in some small way, Memories of you come our way, Though absent, you are ever near, Still missed, loved, and always dear
hink of you often Debbie the kids and I share a lot of stories with you in them.
Sis I will miss you forever I can't wait till I get to be with you once again, love your brother Bubba.
The part of my heart that belongs only to you will be forever yours. I will always miss you my friend. Wanda
Happy Birthday, Toni Teresa Smith
I think of this day every year for 23 yrs now. How it changed my life forever but one thing that has not changed, I still love you.
Toni, was a sweet person and always had a smile on her face, enjoyed going to her house and staying. She was a great friend. She is missed dearly by so many people. Love You!
Toni...my best friend still to this day. No one has meant as much to me me as she did. She was a wonderful, nice, caring person. I would not have survived those years without a friend like her. I miss her so much still and continue to dream of her. I am so lucky to have had her in my life, She will forever be missed and loved.
ALOT OF GOOD TIMES, CHURCH, SCHOOL, I THINK OF TONI ALOT, I ALSO THINK OF THOSE WHO LOST A SISTER.   toni, you are missed, dori
I remember your smile and remember walking with you and Debbie between our homes when we lived out toward JP Stevens. You always seem to be laughing and enjoying life. I was shocked when I heard you had went home to be with Jesus. May you keep smiling and showing your love to your family and friends who miss you very much.
Toni was a dear and sweet friend. I often think of her. She always had a smile on her face. Would always help you if she could.. I loved her laugh and smile. Yes she is missed very much. and I love her to this day and always.  I know now she is resting in the arms of Jesus.. Watching over us all .. Love you Toni.
Aunt Toni, I never had the privilege of meeting you. But when someone says "you're just like your aunt Toni" I feel like I know you &amp; I wish we could've met but I know one day we'll meet in heaven Ive heard a few stories about you and thought to myself if I was in the same position I would have done the same thing. Just knowing I'm not the only dingy one in our family makes me happy. I&lt;3u!
THERE IS NOT A DAY THAT GOES BY THAT I DON'T THINK OF YOU STILL  OR PICTURE YOU YOUR FACE OR HERE YOU YOUR VOICE ! I LOVE AND MISS YOU MORE TODAY THAN I DID YESTERDAY AND I WILL LOVE AND MISS YOU MORE TOMORROW THAN I DID TODAY ! GONE BUT NEVER FORGOTTON !!!! LOVE YA !
Zinte Lovelace--nephew lit a candle at  2011-06-04 10:21:33  In loving memory of my Uncle Paul. You were a big part of my life and you will be sorely missed. May yor soul rest in peace.
Son I gave birth to you on this day, thirty eight long years ago. I only hope and pray that you knew how much I loved you and that I was proud of you. May God hold you in His loving arms until the day comes that I can. I love you and miss you so much Son. Love Mom
You are as missed today as the day you left us. My heart breaks everyday for you. I miss you so much and all the fun we had together. You will forever be in my heart and missed so much by every one. I wanna go shopping, eat out, do all the things we would do if you were here. I just can't get it together or wrap my mind across it that you are gone. I love you so much&lt;3
Your absence has left a huge void in our lives. We love and miss you every minute of everyday. Our lives will be forever void until we meet again on that glorious day. You are the light of our world and will forever be a shining star . We love and miss you so much:( MISNTYEFOREVER:(&lt;3
Jeff was only 32 when he passed away. He got in a car accident on the way to  a business meeting. He was on 350 south heading to Chicago and got rear-ended. He didn’t make through the crash :(  We will miss him forever and will never be forgotten
This man was my everything....i loved him so much and still do..i miss his warm embrace and tender kiss. i will be with him when my time comes...i will forever be waiting. i love you James LeRoy Smith &lt;3
Happy  81st Birthday In Heaven...Sure don't seem that you been gone this long daddy...I miss you more now then I ever have..So much I need your advice on..Need a daddy daughter day..I need to see that lil precious grin you have....I Love and miss you so bad...watch over me and let me know I'm doing OK..you're proud of me...Help me get my life straight..just want to be loved and happy...Happy Birthday daddy..enjoy your day with mom..Stevie..all our family...in Heaven..Tell mom and Stevie I love them to....SAVE ME A PIECE OF HEAVENLY CAKE....Love you daddy...Happy Birthday...Marlene
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY IN HEAVEN....HOPE U HAVE AN AWESOME DAY ENJOYING IT WITH MOM..STEVIE...AND ALL YOUR FAMILY....I LOVE AND MISS YOU DADDY...MY LIFE IS SUCH A MESS SINCE YOU BEEN GONE....YOU WAS MY ROCK...MY HERO DADDY...I JUST CANT SEEM TO GET ANYTHING RIGHT ANYMORE...I SEE YOU IN EVERYTHING I SEE OR DO...IM SO SORRY I WASNT THE DAUGHTER I SHOULD HAVE BEEN...IVE REALLY HURT YOU SO MUCH...AND IM SO SORRY...I KNOW U FORGIVE ME..AND I LOVE FOR THAT....BUT I CANT SEEM TO GET IT IN MY HEAD...THAT NO MATTER HWAT I EVER DONE...U ALWAYS LOVED ME...I WISH I WAS CELEBRTING YOUR DAY WITH YOU DAD...BUT YOU WILL HAVE THE BEST BIRTHDAY...YOU WILL BE CELEBRATING IT IN HEAVEN...I LOVE AND MISS YOU...GIVE MOM A KISS FOR ME...AND TELL HER I LOVE HER AND MISS HER AND STEVIE....ENJOY YOUR DAY DADDY...ILL DO MY BEST TO MEET YOU ALL WHEN ITS TIME....AND IF POSSIBLE...ASK THE GOOD LORD TO SEND THE SAME ANGEL FOR ME...THAT WAS SENT FOR YOU...MOM...AND STEVIE....WATCH OVER ME...MAKE SURE IM DOING OK...I WANT TO MAKE YOU PROUD....HUGGSSS DADDY...YOUR DAUGHTE....MARLENE!!!
Dear Daddy,          i just wanted to say Happy 76th Birthday in Heaven. I know U and Mommy and Stevie are celebrating and Mommy is fixing U a cake..(even tho thats a no no daddy) but i always fixed you one. I miss you so much. I would give anything if you were here so you can see Tinys baby... and how much tiny has growed up..she is a hard worker and a good mother. Bailee looks a lot like you in her actions and looks. I am so sorry that I left you crying after me when they took you in the ambulance I know you wanted me to go and I know you were scared. I didnt know I would only see you one more time.. In my heart daddy I know something was wrong but I cant prove oh how I wish I could. But I love you and miss you so much My daddy.. tell mommy and stevie I miss them to and that I know stevies death was wrong also and tell him I wish I could prove it.. I love you guys to the moon and back.
HAPPY 80th birthday dad. I love and miss you very much, still. Love your daughter, Rhonda
happy 4th of july dad.
I hope you had a good Christmas dad, I love and miss you. Holidays would be better and happier if you were here.
Hard to believe that it's been this long. I hope that I made you proud.  I tried to pass it on to my son's as you taught me. It's not the life that I would've chosen.  But the one that chose me. I love you Ole man. Thank you.
I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU JUST AS MUCH TODAY AS I DID THEN. Your daughter Rhonda R.I.P  Dad
I LOVE AND MISS YOU DAD,  Rhondasmithwise@gmail.com  HAPPY 79TH BIRTHDAY. Love your daughter, Rhonda
Wishing you a very happy birthday.  Still missing you as well as still learning.
HAPPY DADDY'S DAY!  You never wanted to be called father, cause there was only one Father. I LOVE AND MISS YOU EVERY DAY.
Wishing you a great day for a great father.
JUST WANTED TO SAY I HOPE YOU HAVE A GOOD CHRISTMAS, THEY'RE NOT VERRY MERRY HERE ANYMORE WITHOUT YOU TO SHARE THEM WITH. I LOVE AND MISS YOU DAD.
I just wanted to say I hope your gonna have a happy Thanksgiving with God. Wish I was there. It is now the 25th Thanksgiving without you, I really HATE holidays anymore.I cry at every holiday and nov, 3, and oct 20th.  I MISS YOU SO BAD IT HURTS.
Today will be 25 years since you passed away. It's been really hard to deal with, I wish God had gave us more time with you. I think he took you WAY TO SOON. But in my eyes he gives the wings to the best people, Sure wish I had mine so I could fly up and see you whenever I wanted, I miss you and love you so much!
Hard to imagine that its been this long. I still remember when I got the news. WE all miss your company and wisdom.
Here's to another beautiful day in paradise.  Guess I can't call you old man anymore. Seems we are all catching up. Not morning your being gone as much as celebrating the time you were here. Hope I have proven myself. I think of your lessons daily. Until we meet again. Have fun!
I'm a day early DAD, but I hope you have a happy birthday!  Wish I was there. May God keep you safe and happy and especially out of pain and worries. I LOVE AND MISS YOU, MORE THAN YOU KNOW!  Not a day goes by I don't think of you and miss you. From your daughter,  Rhonda
Happy late Fathers Day, you know where I was, hanging on for life, I guess you're not ready for me yet! I love and miss you Dad.
Yet another holiday without your wisdom. Here's hoping your having the  time of your life. Mabel pass some of that wisdom to my brother and son up there. Still missing but never forgetting.
Just wanted ta say happy Memorial Day. On this day in tribute to you, I miss and love you verrrry much. from your daughter Rhonda Smith Wise
Just wanted to say hello and I LLOVE YOU VERRRRY MUCH! MISS YOU JUST AS WELL.
It's been 24 years, I still love and miss you today as much as I did then. I LOVE YOU ALL WAYS DAD.
Happy 77th birthday dad. I miss u as much today as I did yesterday, I will all ways love you,   Your the best dad ever in my eyes and in y heart. Hope your enjoying heaven. hope to be with you someday soon.
Now I know why rhey say that youth is waisted on the young. You left to soon. And are greatly missed
24 yeas later and I still love and miss you as much now as I did then. Cant wait to be in heaven with you, but I guess Ill have to wait my turn. Mom has done really good on her own, you would be very proud, whish you where here to see it.
MISS AND LOVE YOU EVERY DAY OF MY LIFE, NOT A DAY GOES BY WITHOUT THINKING OF YOU AND REMEMBERING.
Still missing you, and still learning from you
It is 21 years later now that you have been gone as of November 3rd. Dad you are still the best man in my life. The only man that will hold a candle to anyone. I hope you are proud of me and what i have become, I am finally happy but the biggest part of my life is watching over me ( I hope) that is you. your ALLWAYS be missed  and loved dearly.your daughter Rhonda
Your a man among men, For all the things and values that you taught me, Thankyou! You are surely missed, But never forgotten.
Today Dad you turn 74,  I hope you have a good  birthday in heaven,  I still love and miss you.  Wish you were here so we could celebrate it.  from your daughter Rhonda
Its been 20 years now dad since you passed, I still love and miss you VERY bad. but i know your in a lot better place. but your never forgotten... love you always, your daughter Rhonda
oday makes 8 yrs mom seems like forever,i miss you so much you will never truely know how our lifes have changed since you went to be with jesus i love you mom and i often hear your voice and think of the things we shared no one will never understand how your leaving us has efected our family untill we meet again rest with jesus my sweet mom
I love and miss you Aunt Ruby Joe. It was a sad day when you left us. I know you are in a much better place then we are. I take peace and comfort knowing you are with our father in heaven. I will see you when he calls me home and I will hold you in my arms again. Until that day just know I will always love you.
missing you so much today mom these days are hard but praing i make it up there with you and the rest of our family i love you mom
nd put one foot in fr and put one foot in front of the other because of the strength that you give me  you were more then just a grandmother you was a mother and grandmother wrapped up in one
you are the reaso that I hol family so clos
This thing is messed up it keeps other s other stuff on it
I surely do miss you grandma...and I'm looking forward to the day reunite with you again I love you Ruby Jo Smith
miss you mom its been 6yrs seems like yesterday i hold you in my heart we love you mom you will never know how much we miss youfrom me and larry and geneva and crystal oh how we miss you so
ove you mom and i miss you so much,one day i will see you again
Remember when? I will never forget you or your love for me. Thank you, Momma. We had a rough start but...THANK GOD, we endured and had the best relationship a daughter in law could have. I am blessed!
well this is my brother nick and he was really special to me and always will be in my heart
My irreplaceable Ric. Love you
I miss you and will love you forever.
Ric and I have personalities similar to the Odd Couple. We learned to recognize these differences and make compromises because we wanted to make each other happy. I believe we learned how to be married by growing up with wonderful role models - our parents.
A Mother Like You To say that you're wonderful,  is just not enough.  You're absolutely amazing,  both beautiful and tough. I couldn't have asked,  for a better mother than you.  I'll love you forever,  that shall always be true. You are a special lady,  that places others ahead.  Always worked tirelessly,  You've always encouraged me,  to reach for the stars.
Mike, You was a big brother to me and protected me when needed. I love and miss you so much
Oh Angie, You was my best friend and little sister, We used to do some crazy things together. I miss that so much. I miss talking and laughing with you. I love you and miss you
Dad,I miss you so so much. We laughed and cried together.  I miss those days but are always in my mind. I love and miss you.
Hello again little Brieson!!   Well you now would be 7 yrs old--I always wonder what you would look like now--your two brothers are big husky boys--your pretty sister, Shie, is so cute--looks so much like your mother, Scarlet!!  I know your mom thinks about you a lot- and talks about you. We all miss you--there's a void in our hearts that can never be filled!!  You'll always be a sweet sweet memory--Until we see you again some day--you're always in my thoughts!  I love you little sweetheart!  Nana/GinGin.
It's been over 3 years now since you left us, sweet little Brieson.  The thought that you are gone from us still tears at my heart!  You would have been a beautiful little 3 year old now--running around, eager to learn about everything--and the only thought that is comforting is that we know we will see you again some day!  Until then sweet memories is all we have!!  Love you ever, my little great grandbaby!! Nana/GinGin!!
I didn't get to know my little Brieson very well as he was only 3 months old when he left us.   The times I did hold him were precious--he was just beginning to smile and already had stolen my heart!  I know we will see him again--Love to Scarlet&amp;all my family/Nana/Gingin
Happy birthday, little brother. My heart is full of love for you today and always. I will never get used to you not being here to celebrate. Know that I love you and look forward to being together again. Xoxo
Another birthday without you, how is that even possible? I miss you everyday. Countless times have I wanted to show, ask or tell you something. How many memories have made me laugh. So many little things I miss about having you and Lyle here. Know that you are loved and missed every day and I know, one day, we will be together again. I love you.
Happy birthday, little brother. How you loved presents. You had the same little boy look of expectation your entire life! Little did you know, you were our present! We miss and love you so much. You were so funny, so aggravating, so sweet, so thoughtful, so mean, lol! I can't imagine how heaven is handling you two scamps. Forever.
Dear Brother, 5 years, how is that even possible. You are always in my heart and on my mind. I miss you and Lyle so much. I pray every day that when I close my eyes that last time,  that you two will be there to greet me when I open them. I know you two are watching over us and that is a comfort. I love you forever.
Dearest brother,  Time will never ease the pain of losing you. We just survive. I love you little brother and miss so many things about you! Please know that I  love you always and one day I will see your face again! Hug Lyle and tell him I love him, too. Your sister FOREVER, Donna. Xoxo
Paul: I love you as always my dearest son I can't tell you how many times I pick up the phone to call you.I can hear your voice see your laugh how I wish you were not gone but you will be never  beforgotten.Your light will alwasy burn bright in my heart.I love you as always you are my sweet baby boy.  Mama XXXXOOOXXX
I love and miss you very much Uncle Paul!
Paul: I miss  you every day but Mothers day is very hard there is a hole in my life I miss both of my sons today more then ever. I love you dearly my sweet son and a day does not pass that you are in my heart and mind always Love Mama.
Miss you more today than yesterday I guess thats the way it will always be. Today is your Birthday and i wish I could hug you and make smile.You left a big void in my world that no one else can eve fill. I love you my sweet son and i am so glad you were in my life short tho a million years would not have been enough. Rest on peach. Mama
Paul Its been three years since you left us and it is not any easier today then it was then. I still think of you every day and miss you beyond words. I am eternally thankful I had you in my life as long as  i did. 100 years would not have been enough I love you always and unconditionally.Miss you my wonderful son.   Mama
Miss you Uncle Paul!
Paul I love you and I miss you more today than yesterday I did not think that was possible but it is true. if I could tell you one thing I miss most I think it would be your kindness. You left a big hole in my world that nothing else can fill rest in peace and know you are missed each and everyday.Mama
Happy birthday Uncle Paul! I miss you!!
membering you on your birthday...xoxo
Today is your Birthday I never imagined you being gone so soon, it still seems unreal. I wish I could have made your life better and erased the sorrow of what you went thru My only hope is that you knew how much you were loved This world will never be as bright without you in it I love you dearly and will miss you every day of my life. Mama
Happy Birthday little brother! The music on here makes me cry, but it could be how much I miss you today and everyday. Thank you being such a wonderful brother. Take care of Stella til I get there and you and Lyle stay out of trouble! &lt;3 I know how the two of you are when you're together! I love you both!
I miss you today, yesterday, and will miss you every tomorrow. I love you, little brother! I know you know we're doing the best we can without you and Lyle. It's hard living with pieces of your heart somewhere else! Keeping watching over us! xoxo
miss you each and every minute of every day. i know that i was a very proud and lucky woman to  be your Mother. Life has never been the same without you in it. Rest in peace knowing you are loved Mama.  .  .
I know Paul has been gone since 2011 but he still remains a friend of mine on Facebook.  I see his face often on my wall of friends as I have never deleted him.  I did not know him well but when he announced he had a brain tumor I was the only one to comment and send him prayers. I just wanted to say I am sorry for your loss and God Bless.
Merry Christmas son I wish I could talk to you there is so much I'd say like how ours lives have changed since you went away. I miss you more then words can ever say. Christmas was always your time to shine I love you my beautiful son and miss you always  Mama
Happy Birthday little brother! You always loved getting presents and we all loved to watch you open them! A kid at heart forever! I miss you so very much. You are always in my heart and I will always love you. (Tell Lyle to go easy on those "birthday licks"!)
Happy Birthday Paul, I have so much I would like to tell you I miss your voice your smile  but most of all your hugs.I will always love you my dear sweet son. I question why terrible things happen &amp; understanding just escapes me.I want you to know your the last thing I think of each night and the first thing I think of each morning. you are in my heart forever Mama
Happy Birthday Uncle Paul! I love you and miss you so much!
Paul, my sweet brother, we miss you so much. You and Lyle. I miss the sound of your laughter, and your sweet phone calls, and your mischievious sense of humor, I love, love, love, you!
Paul my dear son there is not a day goes by that I dont miss you, you are always in my heart There is so much I wish I had said to you. I miss your laugh your hugs and your kindness. There will never be another like you and any one who knew you has a big void in there life. you brought happiness and joy as long as you lived. I am a very proud I am your Mother.
They say time heals every thing I so want to beleive that in time I will feel better about you going away. Eight months have not done alot to ease the pain. I know Kathy misses you every day as do I. Mothers day was especially hard I will always love and miss you .Mama
Its Valentines day I know how you loved your candy, and you always brought me flowers. Paul you are missed everyday and a day never goes by that I don't think of you. Kathy sure does miss you. I know today will be especially hard for her.Her family just doesn't understand what she is going thru and are not there for her.,I wish I could help her more but only time can do that. I love you.
zy mary here, 1975-KFC, fastforward 36 years-treasured memories of your home cooked meals, de-LIGHT-ful after dinner conversations and the love you emitted of your family. Paul, you made me laugh and you made me cry but most of all you taught me dignity in the time of despair. You left this world as the master teacher, showing its not what you have but who you love &amp; how well
The Dewitt Famliy will miss Paul very much. He was a wonderful person and we loved him so!
This Christmas did not feel the same without you. You were so loved in the famliy. I know your presence was with us. I will never forget your memory and how good you were to my sister, I love you Paul ... Rest in Peace.
...the lighting of the garden...it was my pleasure to assist the master gardener's grandson THOMAS with the decorations of the backyard. It will always be my privalege to particapate in the sourthern living traditions....thomas, same time next year!  /flashback...sitting on the porch and taking a walk outside to see what was in bloom...kathy your garden will bloom again!  12/27*
Merry Christmas Paul I can't begin to tell you how much I miss you.Christmas was always your favorite Holiday. and it is very hard without you. I'll miss you saying I love you Mama. I miss you putting up the lights and so many reasons Rest peacful my sweet sweet son. Mama
I can remember standing outside in the snow shaking a bunch of jingle bells underneath the bedroom window--trying to get you, Lyle and Les asleep on Christmas Eve. I told you all that Santa came by, but he saw you all awake so he was going to have to come back later. It worked! Christmas was always your favorite holiday. Even as an adult, you wanted toys! I miss you and love you! xoxoxoxox
Paul Kathy was telling me today that Thomas just finished decorating and putting up lights in the back yard. She said it looked just beautiful and he said it was what he helped you do each year, and when he finished he said this is for Grampa. He loves and misses you amd thinks of you often.
Thomas"s Message for his Grandpa; Dear Grampa,I love you and I was amazed how when you had cancer that you went from being sad in the hospital to being so happy to be home. You never complained not once.It amazed me and those are the reasons why I Love You.   Thomas
Missing you a bunch Paul! I have been gathering up donations to raffle off for people in need with Cancer. I got motorcycle group to do a run for cancer as well. I am doing this in memory of you. I hope to help a lot of people in need. I love you!!!!
My uncle Paul was one the gentlest human beings ever to have graced this planet with his presence. Never have I been around someone that you could feel safe to be hanging out with and be so damn funny all in the same experience. He was definitely one of the good guys that was taken way before his time. The force was with you and we all knew it. I'm gonna miss your laugh and I love you.
I know I took my time to leave this for my brother, I've never been good with words my brother meant alot to me and I will miss him till the day we meet again. I Love You Paul
Paul thank you for being kind to me always. Your life continues in the hearts of those who loved you, like your mom your daughter and your wife and family members along with friends . We all smile with you as you continue your journey. Namaste, Patrice.
Paul I can not begin to tell you how much I miss you.Your voice your smile and most of all your kindness.I can truly say I was proud of you every day of your  all to short life.I will alway consider myself blessed to have had you for a son.I can close my eyes and hear you say" Love Love Mama". Rest well my sweet son You will be forever loved and missed. .
(1)      Dear Paul,    I have been so reluctant to write to you, not wanting to admit to myself that I will no longer see your smiling and kind face greeting me at your earthly door.  I believe however, that though I cannot see you for the time being that you live on in the hearts of all who loved and knew you.  To know you was to love you.
(2) Your kindness and compassion to those around you amazed me as a child.  You were a selfless and  just person, the kind of father, husband, brother, son, uncle, or friend any human would be blessed to have.  You had such a light hearted humor and wit, and such a positive way about living.  Your non judgmental and thoughtful behavior exhibited the foundations of the golden rule .
(3)  Paul, you will be forever missed.  Noone can fill the void in the hearts and lives of those you were so precious to.  Thankyou for allowing me to be a part of your wonderful life and family.  You impacted many lives and left a lasting imprint that can never fade or parish.   With much love and peace,  Jennifer
Paul was a wonderful husband, father, grandfather, son, and friend. He will be terribly missed by all those who knew and loved him. May he rest in peace.
Paul, when i met you three and a half years ago you welcomed me with open arms and always made me feel comfortable as if you were my own uncle. We always looked forward to seeing you when we made it into town. You will never be forgotten and will always be loved by your family and friends!! Rest well Uncle Paul, we will see you in the heavens when our time has come. We love you!!
Today I went to the start of the Relay for Life with the American Cancer Society kickoff party today. You are my inspiration. I love you!
To Paul, I know I haven't seen you in a while, But I know your with your brother Lyle, I wish for you all the best, forever remember in enternal rest. Say Hi to Lyle for me, and I sent prayers to your family. There's never a good time to loose a good friend, but God called you home his healing will mend. I know we'll meet again someday, so save me a seat in heaven is all I can say, Kenny
paul, you will never be forgotten friend . i will allways remember you i thought you were the nicest guy i ever met . i miss you daily at work it will never be the same . my prayers go out to your family for strength. so be with god and be happy see you again someday friend .
My memories with you go as far back as you came in to our lives. My aunt was so blessed to have you in her life. No one loved her the way you did. I am going to miss calling you on your birthdays and your smiling face. Your food was amazing. Miss you always. Love you!!!
I will miss Paul ,He was a good friend and a great husband to Kathy.I am glad he is out of pain .He will be missed by alot of people. Words cannot describe what a good person and friend he was.I will remember him as the sweet and kind person and good family man.
Anna was filled with joy and laughter. If u knew her it was all about her loving and providing for her three kids who she would give her life for. Remember her smile as it would light up the room. We love u and miss u and glad u are free without any struggle or pain.
Anna you were a great friend with a beautiful personality, a joyous spirit &amp; sometimes so silly. I miss the times we laughed, cried, cooked, ate, shopped, &amp; shared our lives.  I thank God that your struggle is finally over &amp; you are free. I love &amp; miss you, your friend, Yolanda
Happy 62th Birthday Pam! The sky was so beautiful this morning out walking. I knew it was your way to tell me you are ok. I still remember the morning you died and the sky was just so gorgeous like this morning. Have a wonderful birthday with everybody up above. Give hugs and kisses to our girls. Oh how we miss you Pam. Say hi to Mom and Dad and all of our girls!!! xoxo
Happy Birthday, Pam. You are still so very missed, especially by your sister, Penny.   I always envied the closeness that the two of you had.  I wish that I had it with my siblings. Miss your wit and smile, but you do live on in Penny.   I'm sure that Summer is by your side giving you wet doggy kisses today.  lol Until we meet again, Pam.  xxoo
Pam Never more then a thought away. Quietly remembered every day, No need for words except to say still missed, still loved  in every way. Oh how we miss you Pam. Say hi to Mom and Dad and all of our girls!!! xoxo
Pam . . . it’s been eight years since you were called home, but wonderful memories of times with you will never fade away. You are truly missed. - Love from Jan
Happy 61st Birthday Pam! Hope Halie Emma found her way to you and you introduced her to everybody. She reminded us a lot of Huggy. Have a wonderful birthday up above and say hi to everybody from us. Give our girls a kiss and hug from us. You are all very much missed and thought of each day. Until we meet again xoxoxox
Happy Birthday, Pam.  You are always in our thoughts.  Take it easy on the gang up there, lol.  xxoo
In loving memory of my sister Pam. Gone are the days we used to share, But in our hearts You are always there, The gates of memory Will never close, We miss you more Than anyone knows. With tender love and deep regret, We who love you will never forget. Say hello to everybody up above. Love and miss you  terribly. Penny
Thinking of you Pam and remembering the good times. You are dearly missed. Love, Jan
Happy "60th" Birthday Pam. In loving memory of my sister Pam. I can't call you on the phone anymore but in my heart, I talk to you everyday. Love &amp; Miss you so much!!! Penny xoxox Please take good care of our wee angel "Halie Emma" who passed away suddenly yesterday afternoon. Have fun up above celebrating!! Until we met again. xoxo
You left us 6 years ago but memories of you are still vivid in my mind. This hot summer reminded me of sitting in Penny's back yard on Bradford Dr. when you were visiting. We all watched Huggy and Snowy run in circles while we enjoyed a few cold ones and had lots of laughs. You are missed so much Pam and will never be forgotten.  - Love, Jan
Of all the many blessings However great or small To have had you for a sister Was the greatest of all The family chain is broken now And nothing seems the same But as God takes us one by one The chain will link again. Just walked Halie who is so much like our Huggy with her boyfriend "Fast Eddie". Give all of the girls a hug and kiss from us. Miss you so much Pam. Say hello to everyone in Heaven. Love you Penny &amp; Dick xoxoxox
Happy Birthday Pam!" Memories are like threads of gold. They never tarnish or grow old. You would of been coming down today to celebrate our birthday and having lunch at Skeeters. How I wish for those days again. Have fun at your party up above and say hello to everyone for us.  Love you so much and miss you everyday!!! Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxo
A very happy Birthday, Pam to you and Penny.   We love and miss you, Pam.  Penny is being good, lol. You are in very good hands now and surrounded by so many. Until we meet again, cousin.......xxoo
5 years have now passed, Pam. We think of you every day. We know that you are in good hands, but there is still a whole in our heart. Until we meet again.........xxoo
Words cannot even come close to exspessing the emptiness in our hearts . One day we will meet again .
In loving memory of my sister who passed away five years ago today. Although I smile and do not cry. No one misses you more then I. And when old times I often recall. It's then I miss you most of all. Say hello to everyone up above and hugs and kisses to our wee girls. I miss you so much Pam. Love Penny &amp; Dick xoxox
Memory is a lovely lane Where hearts are forever true, A lane I so often travel down Because it leads to you. Pam - you are lovingly remembered so very often and I miss you. - Jan
Happy Birthday Pam! Whenever I go, whatever I do My Memories keep me near to you Forever loved and missed. Say hello to everyone above and enjoy your day. Loved and missed terribly Penny &amp; Dick xooxoxoxox
Remembering you today Pam. Seems impossible that four years have gone by since you left us. You are missed so much, but cherished memories of times with you will live on in our hearts forever.
Time does heal the ache in our hearts, But we never let you go. A smile always comes to my face now when I think of you, You brought much joy to us all and silly things that you do. Still miss you and always will, but we know that you are in good hands now and so many family members for you to bring a smile to their face now.  Love you Pam.  xxoo
In loving memory of a dear sister who passed away 4 years ago today. May the winds of love blow softly and whisper for you to hear, but we still love and miss you and wish that you were here, we cannot bring the old days back when we were all together, but happy days and loving thoughts will live with us forever. Always Remembered, Never Forgotten-Take good care of our girls until we meet again. Love You So much Penny &amp; Dick xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
To my fantastic big sister, what you did wasn't very nice,    Leaving us way to early. There are plenty of days that don't go bye that I wish you were still here to give me hell for what I have done. I really miss that. We love you from here to eternity. Love Steven G. Smith
Happy Birthday Pam! To my beautiful sister, Pam Even though you have passed, there is not a day that goes by  that I think of all our good times &amp; you bring me a smile  And I know you are here with me. Lovingly remembered by Penny &amp; Dick  xoxoxo"
Another year passes by, And you are thought of often. I know that you are celebrating with other loved ones, but there is still a hole in our world without you.   Happy Birthday, Pam.
Lonely is my life without you Life to me is not the same All this world would be like Heaven just to have you back again. Lovingly remembered but never forgotten Penny &amp; Dick xoxox
Those we love remain with us for love itself lives on, and cherished memories never fade because a loved one’s gone. Those we love can never be more that a thought apart, for as long as there's a memory, they’ll live on in our hearts.  - Lovingly remembered by Jan.
Thinking of you today, Pam.  Has to be hard on your twin to celebrate today without you.  You certainly have alot of our loved ones with you.  You are missed.  Maybe you can send Penny a birthday nod.  I'm sure that she'll appreciate it.  All our love to you both.
Sure wish you were here today to celebrate together. I know you will be celebating your own way with everyone up above and it will be a great party. Remember when we would say "well if we can make it to 55 we will be laughing"  Love you and miss you terribly Penny xoxo
It broke our hearts to lose you But you did not go alone, For part of us went with you The day God called you home. Pam - you are sadly missed but always remembered. Love, Jan
Hard to believe that two years have gone by already.  You are thought about every day and missed very much. You are in a pain free place now and that is a comfort to us that you've left behind. Deb and Dave Barber and family
Our hearts still ache in sadness, And secret tears still flow, What it meant to loose you, No one will ever know. Lovingly remembered by Penny &amp; Dick  xoxoxo
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal,  Love leaves a memory no one can steal. You and I will meet again, When we're least expecting it, One day in some far off place, I will recognize your face, I won't say goodbye my friend, For you and I will meet again.
Remembering you is easy, we do it everyday. Missing you is the hardest part. As it never goes away. To hear your voice, to see your smile. To sit with you for awhile. Would be our greatest wish. Today, tomorrow, our whole life through.We will always love and remember you.
Hard to believe that a year has passed.  We think of you often.  I still remember you and Penny pulling the string too far on my toy and breaking it when we lived in Guelph.  I wish you were here and I'd let you do it again.......you are missed. Love from Deb &amp; Dave B. and family
Happy Birthday Pam I know your birthdays are totally amazing where you are ...Hugs Hugs Hugs
Happy birthday mom!!! Miss u, &amp; love u!! Wish u could see how badass our Seahawks are right now!!!!
Since we never got to have a proper funeral service for her, I figured I needed some more..... So with her birthday coming upon us, I wanted to get this up &amp; going --  I miss you Mom, &amp; Love you even more then that!!
We love &amp; miss you every day
Girl we had some great times together. You were one of the craziest roommates I ever had. We did some crazy stuff. And we all got pregnant and delivered all boys in the same year. That seems like so long ago. I miss you girl. RIP Donna!
Today was your funeral...its was beautiful...you are above watching over us now...we all cried because we love u n will miss u so much but because we also know you are in a better place with no pain...R.I.P. papaw I love you always and forever &lt;3
Grandpa you were there to help me up and give me a hand when no one else would.. You will be missed and loved forever.
Grandpa you touch so many hearts...I am truely blessed to say you are my papaw...I will never forget you and all the good times...you are forever in my heart...my babies didn't get to know you for the wonderful man you are but when they are old enough I will tell them. I love you
It is that time of year again Sissy.  I miss your sense of humor, and just plain miss you.  My love is still with you.  See you next year.  Love  Auntie Jo
Yes, Sissy I do remember this day every year.  I love and miss you, Christmas has never been the same.  You are on my mind and in my heart for me to cherish always.  Love You
Yes Sissy, I remember you each year at this time.  My love still grows, I know you are watching over all of us.  You would be proud of your sisters and your Mom.  They keep the spirit of you always alive.
I can't believe all these years have gone by, seems like yesterday I held you as a baby so much love...Then came the days when you would throw my heart right out my mouth, coming down the stairs at the condos.  I Love you and miss you everyday, but then you knew that.
Kelley, I carry you in my heart always. Missing you more than ever on this day, especially your laughter! Love forever from your "mama-la"...
Remembering Kelly today.
I'll always remember the last time I saw Kelly. I will always have her in my heart.
She will always be in my heart.
Five years, and I still miss Kelley terribly. Sometimes it feels as if she's been on a very long vacation and will come home soon from heavenly climes. This is one mom who would be so happy to brave that slide show! (Memorial left at 10:15 p.m. on Saturday night, 30 July 2016, in Seattle, Washington.)
I still have her in my heart.
Thanks for creating this what a great way to keep great memories of a loved ones not with us anymore..
Words cannot express the feelings of sadness for the loss of such a precious life. I was lucky to have known Kelley in high school and remember her as the one who always had a smile on her face and a sweet personality that was hard to miss. She will be greatly missed by many.
Here for too short a time. Gone too soon, but will never be forgotten. You were part of our life and we will miss you. May you have peace at last.
Is there a memorial? I want to attend. Please respond AS AP. She was part of my life.
I can't believe it's already been a year, since you've gone.... I love you and miss you so much, and I wish you were here :'(
Happy Birthday in Heaven Mom!! I love you and miss you so much!! I still can't believe you aren't here anymore.... I wish you were here so we could celebrate your 56th birthday!!
I love you Mom!! I will never forget you!!
╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬ ╬╓╖╬╬╬╓╥─╥─╖╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬ ╬╟╢╓──╫╢─╢─╢╓╥╥─╥╥╖╬ ╬║║║║║║╟─╟─║║║║╫║║║╬ ╬╙╜╙╨╨╨╨─╨─╜╟╖╟─╨─╜╬ ╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╙─╜╬╬╬╬╬ ╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬
Colin was a very interesting man.  He loved life and his family with all his heart.  His passion for adrenalin resulted in a lifetime of interest in cars and racing.  Colin's heart was always back in England where he came from but embraced Australia
I love you Mom Mom, rest in peace
Tribute video to Gloria Smith: <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G30D9P6sUSs" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G30D9P6sUSs</a>
Happy Heavenly Birthday my beautiful angel. I love and miss you dearly!
Happy  Heavenly Birthday Mother. I love and miss you lots
Mother it's been four years since you left me. I love and miss you everyday! REST IN PARADISE MOTHER! MY HEART WILL NEVER BE WHOLE AGAIN. LOVE YOU
HAPPY 75TH BIRTHDAY MOTHER!! I LOVE AND MISS YOU EVERY DAY! I CANT WAIT TO MEET YOU IN HEAVEN AND GIVE YOU A BIG HUG!!
I miss you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMY...I MISS YOU VERY MUCH AND CAN'T WAIT UNTIL THE DAY I SEE YOUR SMILING FACE AGAIN AND CAN HOLD YOU IN MY ARMS.
Leilani was a good neighbor.  Always ready with a cup o tea and a quick visit. love you, Leilani. RIP
Mom I miss you so much.
My Mother was the most beautifulest person to ever pass through my life.She taught me how to love,be compassionate,and other things I will miss her greatly and will never be able to be the woman she was. She took a big piece of my heart with her.
Still missing you daddy after 25 years
Another year has passed Jeff we all miss you and love you.
Allways in my heart, allways in my soul!  Love you forever Jeff!
Happy Birthday my love! I'll never forget you!
Cant believe another year has passed, love and miss you brother.
Another year  without you my love, but always, in my heart, in my thoughts, in my soul. Love you forever.
Another year since you passed we all love and miss you Jeff.
Five years without you my love,  Time is fast, but my love for you is forever. I can across the time only to meet you, Jeff Way for me, I will be home.
Happy Birthday Love of my life.
Today, 3 years without you my love, but each day you are closer to my heart and my soul. My love for you is forever Jeff.
Yet another year has passed Jeff we all miss you and love you.
Miss you my love, each day, each hour, each minute, each second of my life. You are in my heart forever.
Another year has passed Jeff  miss you very much miss our late night game sessions together and just talking to you on the phone, we all miss you wish you were here, love you brother.
Been thinking a lot about you and missing you. Looking through the pictures...as much as this Internet would let me...so many great memories! Love you!
Miss you Jeff . Can not believe it has been a whole year .
oday you would have been 50...i barely knew you but you have left a hole..&lt;3
Paw Paw/ Other Paw paw-- We miss you and love you. You were the only grandfather I had, I wish you were still here, you would be watching the little ones play ball as you use to with your hat and blue jeans on, with a smile on your face. Not a day goes by that I do not think about you (Oh goodness I'm about to cry) I tried to hold it in, but its still hard knowing that your not hear anymore. I love you Paw Paw!!
I am thinking about you on this day. I love you and miss you sooo much. The world was a much better place with you and granny in it. I love you Paw!!!
Happy Birthday sweetheart!  I miss you so much and I am remembering your day and all the paries I used to give for you and Danny.  I love you and  again Happy Heavenly Birthday, rest well and say hello to momma!  Love you guys!!
Hi daddy, here I am once again missing you and wishing  you were here.  Mom left us too, we are so lost without the two of you!  She left us a few weeks before your anniversary, I miss her too she was my best friend.  I know that the twi if you are together at last and that you and God were with her at the end so that helps some. I love you dad and kiss mom for me.
Today makes the fourth year that you have been gone. I miss you now as if it were the day four years ago that you left. I love you paw and will forever remember you beautiful smile and loving ways.
Today is the day you left us. To think it almost passed without my leaving a tribute for you, I wouldn't forgive myself if that happened.  We are doing good...life goes on as it must but know that you were and still are loved by everyone of us and we miss your presence in our lives so much!!  Danny leaves for school tomorrow, as God watches protects and keeps him, I know if it is at all possible you are protecting and guiding him too.  I love you DADDY!!!
I miss you.  I love you.  As long as I live you will never be forgotten.  I miss you pawpaw.
Dreamed of you last night and woke up this morning crying with you on my mind. I love you so so much and miss you more everyday. I was blessed to have had you in my life for 25 years. People say "Heaven gets sweeter everyday" and I know this is true. Especially when u arrived July 13, 2010. I will always love you Paw!!!
Hey daddy, I miss you so much but as you already know, your sister died last week. We buried her in Shady Grove with your other siblings. There is not a day that goes by that you are not loved or missed. We loved you so much daddy and as long as I live and your grandchildren live, your memory will always live. I pray that my children will show me as much love as we have shown you.
Other papa doody still remembers and misses you.He asked if he could talk to you but I told him it is not time for him to see you again. He has a long wait but he talks about you all the time . He misses you as much as we do. You were the best Paw Paw in the world. Be assured that Vernon is following in your footsteps. He is a good Paw Paw to all the grandkids. He misses you too.
Hi, Daddy!  I think about you everyday.  I love you and miss you so much.  You will always be in my heart!!!!  Thank you for being the best dad in the whole world, hands down!!!  I know you see and hear me.  I hope you are as proud of me as I am of you.  I love you deaddy!!  Your name sake is getting so big and he has your tempermant, you would be so proud of him.
Your birthday was on the 5th. GOD how I wish you were still here!  Mom went to see you today along with jr. and my kids and grands.  They miss you so much and are trying to hang on to your memory. We'll keep you alive for them. You are loved and missed...forever.
I found it too difficult to view this site on Father's Day so I didn't comment.  We 5 spent the day together and remembered how much you meant to us.  I wrote a poem for you and read it at dinner.  I think you would have approved.  Love You Daddy!
Heaven became more sweet with your arrival and the lights of earth became more dim with your departure! You are the best of us and Heaven only lets the best in.  I miss you!!!
Daddy, I miss you more and more everyday and wish I could turn back the hands of time and have just one more minute to see your beautiful smile. When I go to sleep at night your face is the first one I see. I cant even turn the page on my calendar. L
You were the best grandfather any child could have! I will always love you paw!!
Daddy, there are no words to say how proud I am to be your daughter nor to say how much you are missed in my life. I think of you everyday. If it is true that  when you love someone they are never really gone, you will truly live forever. I love you!
Paw paw yu will never be forgotten... I love you
THE BEST FATHER IN THE WORLD GOD BLESS DAD MARTIN CYPRUS
Dad,                                                     Its been three years ago today and feel like it was yeaterday that i was tellin you goodbye and that i loved you before work. Dad you are truely missed
Uncle Dwight, I can't help but laugh every time I think about you and Aunt Pam putting me and Kathy in the back of the car at the Eagles. I did finally shut up when you gave me that "look". You are so very missed...
My little man would have been 10 today. I love and miss you everyday.
Happy Birthday Little man. U r always remembered n can be replaced by no one. I love n miss you.  Love, Nana
You have been gone 7 yrs. today. I miss n love u more every day. You will always b n Nana's heart. I love u, "My Little Man"' Nana
we miss our little peanut but know we have Chase and we can all have our moments &amp; memories of little william , you know he might be gone but not forgottin , i think everybody needs to keep that in mind and move on,let him rest in peace ok god bless
we all miss this baby...Always and forever                                aunt bette
I miss you pappy. I loved you like my own pappy. We all miss you. ~RIP~ Love Lisa
George smith was a real good guy. He was friendly, nice and had a good humor. He was like a grandfather too me. I will really miss him alot. ~RIP~
5 years ago we lost a very special lady love you and miss you grammy
I will never forget how we used talk about the stuff going on in our lives and her helping me and Mary out when we needed love and miss you grammy
please remember our family in your prayers
hi mum recieving your loving thoughts i know your with barry and dad god bless martin cyprus
I FEEL YOU SO CLOSE TO ME GOD BLESS FOREVER IN MY HEART MARTIN CYPRUS
Khole, I just realized you would be eight years old now, boy would Kaleb love that. He would have someone to run and play with but I know you are an angel but grandma will never forget you although you were here for a very short time.
Hey Khole, I wish you were here for me to say Happy Birthday in person but I know you are in a resting place. My precious Khole, you would have been 7 years old today. Kaleb would have really liked to have a friend and brother like you. Gone too soon.
Khole, I can only imagine how you would look today.  I am guessing you would look a lot like Kaleb. You would probably be helping Kaleb fight you sisters.  Always know grandma knows you are one of God's angels.  I love you son.
Khole I know you would be 5 years old  and playing with Kaleb nowI I know we would love to have had you stay. But God wanted a cute little angel to come his way.
Khole it's not a year go by without the family thinking of you and trying to figure what you would have been like. Love you to the Moon and Back!
Khole you departed this life on this day four years ago. Tomorrow is your sister and brother's birthday, wish you would have been here for the party. Still missing you.       Grandma
I often sit and wonder what you would be like now. I love you and miss you my little angel
I cannot believe it has been 3 years since you left. God Bless your family!
Hello Khole. Nothing is random and everything has a purpose with God. On March 3, 2011 his perfect path was to pick you up and bring you to enjoy all of his beauty in Heaven that's how special you were, to special to even have a memory of this down here.Perfect Angel enjoy.
Khole, I know if you were here today, you would now be chasing Kaleb around, I am sure you would be as handsome as Kaleb is.  We celebrated your birthday in our own way.  Mommie and daddy and grandma miss you so much.  We love you so very very dearly.
Happy Birthday! I have not forgotten about you. I know you are in heaven smiling down at your family. I pray the lord gives them strength through it all!
Khole you willed be missed by all, but never forgotten. I just wish that I could have held you once. God knows best, Much love goes to your family in their time of great sorrow. They will miss you the most.
A beautiful little angel so loved, so sweet and so pure. An angel who was born with his wings and used them to fly away home "for his is the kingdom of heaven". I love you Khole, Auntie Pat
Although I never had a chance to meet you; your mommy and I were so eager to greet you. Your days were short but your presence will forever be deep within my heart. May you forever rest in peace precious Khole.
Play in the Angels garden swetheart. xxxx
n peace little one may god hold you in his loving arms
Darryl &amp; Mary lit a candle on 8th march 2011            you are in our prayers
I know You sweet Kohle as a sweet sweet ANGEL.So pure, so clean, so beautiful, so precious.Twinkle twinkle LITTLE star,for God knows where you are.Lite up the heaven, and shine so bright, for you will always be in GOd'S sight.Hearts are heavy, tears are flowing, memories will be forever.Add the sweet smell to God's garden, for you are the flower that will complete it.Shine bright, bright star.
Khole although you were here for a little while you made a everlasting impression on my heart. I will always love you and never forget you.
My Nephew Khole, you are beautiful, we loved you, but God loved you best, sleep on sweet Angel. Aunt Celia Perkins
Khole my darling cousin " an angel with the book of life wrote down your birth...And whispered as she closed the book, "too beautiful for earth" Cousin Sand
The world may never notice  if a rosebud doesn't bloom or even pause to wonder if the petals fall too soon  but every life that ever forms  or ever comes to be  touches the world  in some way for all eternity  the little one we longed for  was swiftly here and gone  but the love that was then planted  is a light that still shines on  and though our arms are empty  our hearts. T Penny
Khole my precious angel grandmother had some special plans for you, but I realize that God needed another darling angel.  I will always hold you dear to my heart.I love you very much. Grandmother
Khole my handsome man-handsome nephew! You will truly be missed! Just look down on us and be our guardian angel for I know that you are doing God's work cause he called you to him.  Protect this family and continue to bless us and give us strength and courage to guide us down this long rough road  without you in our lives!  Tee Tee loves you and will truly miss you! Auntie Kena"
I think of you often... I saw you just a short time before this happened.  May your soul be smiling down at me.
Alma and I were friends for our High School years. She was a caring and loving soul and she always put a smile on my face. She stayed with us many nights and went camping with us too. When I heard Alma was on of the girls murdered by that SOB, an extreme sadness filled my heart, to loose a friend like that is unimaginable. Rest In Peace my friend, until we meet again
JANICE HARRISON WHAT GIVES YOU THE RIGHT TO DO THIS WITHOUT THE FAMILIES PERMISSION? And how does a science fiction author get involved in all of this is beyond me.  I have contacted most of the people of this site and they are not happy about it. You do not know or could careless about Alma. I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE!
JANICE HARRISON IS RELATED TO GARY RIDGEWAY F. U. B.
FROM THE FAMILY TO WHO EVER PUT THIS UP. I DON'T KNOW WHAT KINDA MALFUNCTION YOU ARE HAVING OR IF YOU KNOW YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS. I AM LOOKING INTO MINE AND HAVE EVERY INTENTION OF EXERCISING THEM.
Alma was not born in Walla Walla this is crap not fact writing. If you who Loved Alma want a page let's do it the way Alma would have wanted it these people did not write this in her best interest they did it for their own selfish reasons. To promote their own agenda to bring awareness to teen prostitution.
You did not get permission from the Family to do this! This is Not Even a Nice Picture of Alma. HOW DARE YOU! TAKE IT DOWN NOW!
You did not get permission from the Family to do this! This is Not Even a Nice Picture of Alma. HOW DARE YOU! TAKE IT DOWN NOW!
POSTING SOMETHING WITHOUT THE FAMILIES PERMISSION IS NOT OKAY
TAKE IT DOWN NOW HOW F***** DARE YOU
YOU HAVE NO CLUE WHAT YOU HAVE DONE THOUGHTLESS P.O.S. THIS IS MORE ABOUT HOW SHE DIED THAN WHO SHE WAS AND THE PICTURE LOOKS LIKE A STUPID MUGSHOT
Remembering your beautiful smile and carefree soul! We'll all be together again someday.
My friend, Alma, was loved by so many of her friends. Watching the news at my moms house when they announced "ALMA" body being found and identified as another victim of the Green River Killer. I couldn't believe what I heard until I looked up and seen her picture. I cried and was in shock that one of my funny,  big hearted and loyal friend had been murdered. To this day...I still remember the fun times we had together!  Alma, you're LOVED and NEVER Forgotten! You're in a much happier place. I'll be seeing you again my friend! &lt;3
Happy Birthday for your Birthday month. You are forever loved ,and remembered
he was a good person and she make me laugh, I and her walk around town in college place, wish she still with us today, miss you so much
Alma was a total character. Had a lot of great laughs together. We will see you again.
I spent one summer hanging out with Alma.  We went to Memorial pool every day and swam.  We talked about the boys we were "in love " with.  She was my best friend that summer.  She moved away after that summer.  I was lucky enough to see her when she came to town for a short visit shortly before she was killed.  She was so full of life. May you rest in peace my dear friend.
Wishes of peace and love for you always Alma &lt;3
I met Alma when I was fourteen yrs old in 1980.  I lived in  Clarkston Wa.  I  was sent to the Walla Walla detention center. there I  met Alma.  We liked each other, after four days I was released. We shared a farewell kiss.  I wrote her later with no response.  I never heard of her again, until I saw the story of  the GRK. I am so sorry.
Happy Birthday Your memory lives in those whom loved you j
Happy Birthday Angel! &lt;3 You are always remembered and always in my heart Alma.
Your always in my thoughts". I remember your GREAT smile.
Your still living in our memories and missed
Remembering you on what would be your 48th birthday.  May your sole be filled with happiness.
Happy Birthday sweet pea. You are always remembered and missed. Forever in my heart, I send you love...
Thinking about you today and happy that you have found your home.
Im sorry for your lost praying for you and your family In memorie of Ms. Tiara Smith- Peterson
Miss u babe!  Stopped out at ur gravesite on Easter Sunday to leave you a present and saw that ur mom left u an Easter basket. I miss u soo much and think about u constantly!  Love u!  Aunt Beth
Tia, as a little girl you always came with grandparents,Rod &amp; Dana to all the basketball games.You loved being there,coloring in your coloring book,watching the game,or cheering for Aunt Kendra. Your grandparents were so proud of you,and loved you dearly,forever and always.As time went on,you grew up &amp; we lost touch but you were never forgotten in my heart,you are sadly missed. Hugs kim
I love you and miss you soo much Tia &lt;33. Not a second , minute , hour , day goes by &amp; your not on my mind. Every PLACE every SONG - EVERYTHING . There is a memorie of you &lt;33 . I love you :(
Love you forever Princess~
Vicky,3 years have passed since you were taken to heaven &amp; I miss you so much. I want my friend back!! :(
Vicky,I tried to search for you on the internet &amp; was so very sad to find you had passed away.I can't believe you are gone.My heart is broken sweetie...I'm very upset that the last couple years we were kept apart &amp; that was precious time we could of
Vicky, I Love You with all my heart... you were taken to soon but we all understand you were tired and in alot of pain, But my little girl you will hurt no more..No one can hurt you ..Grandma will protect you..You will be greatly missed but we had a blast while you were here with us..You will always be OUR LITTLE ELF!!!Love forever and always, MOMMY
Sis...You will be greatly missed!! You left us to soon and as selfish as I feel for wanting you here, No more suffering. You are in a better place now. Your pain is gone! Sal and Lexie will ALWAYS know about their Aunt Vicky....I wish I could just hug and kiss you one last time and tell you how much I love you!! Until we meet again....WE LOVE and MISS YOU!!! You will NEVER be forgotten &lt;3
Yes..ELF You were taken from us way to soon. You hung in there for as long as you could...for that, you are a better woman than me...I could not match your strength. You are in Heaven, were NO ONE can hurt you anymore. Till the day we meet again...take good care of my mom. You guys have alot of catching up to do, Im even sure you will learn to speak Italian.. I will always love and miss you!
Vicky I didn't know you but I know that you were loved and will be missed...
Sorry to hear about the loss of your mum. I have a Humbear which I've cherished for over 25 years! I also have Humbear's voyage and a Humbear badge. My only regret is I never had Beverley, his wife. I thank your mum for creating Humbear.
GOD BLESS YOU MUM ALL MY LOVE AS ALWAYS YOUR LOVING SON ,MARTIN
Mommy I miss you so much...everyday without you sucks I wish I could call you and tell you stuff
jen im so sorry to find out bout ur mom. i still often think bout all the fun we all had at the apartments. she will be missed. now nikki has someone to hang with who enjoyed having fun.
Martin Fortson asked me to post a message: He wants Jennifer to know that he is very sorry for the loss of her mother, and he knows that Jeannine is at peace now.
Jeannine always had a way of making me laugh. She took care of everyone in the apartment complex, and was a mother to those of us who were far from home. I fondly remember carpooling with her to work, having holiday meals at her home, and how much she loved her family and friends. We will miss you, Jeannine. Love, Tiffany Bruce
Hello Brian my son Eight years now that you are gone, seems like eight days...  I put the Candle emblem here since your little sister Becky has went outside in the freezing cold at midnight for two nights now to leave a tealight to let you know you will NEVER be forgotten as if someone like yourself ever could be.  Thank God for the memories and there were many wonderful, good and CRAZY memories.  When anyone asks how I am doing, I always say "He was a gift I had for 30 years". I mean that Scooter. (Willow, Tucker) Please continue to keep watch over us, especially Becky and your two beautiful nieces Brianna and Gabriella.  Help them in life and keep them safe.  Hope you got Brianna's Christmas card she left for you. Sometimes it seems strange as  she always talks about you.  Makes me feel you are near. Give my love to Pop Pop, Nana and Cocoa Puff and everyone else who was so close to me.  Dad and I miss you everyday of our lives.  Love you always,Mom
Happy Birthday Brian.   Each year seems at times to be getting harder.   Dad ,Becky ,Brianna ,Gabriella and me just went to the grave site.  The children sent beautiful balloons up to you.  I imagine you catching both of them. I sure hope and pray that you are happy and celebrating your 38th Birthday.  We miss you so much   Please continue to watch over us especially Becky and the girls.  Give my love to. Nana. And. Pop Pop and my beloved. Cocoa. Puff I have always been proud of you Scooter xo Love always.   Your MOM
Thinking of you today and always... May Heavenly Birthday Greetings be yours!
.....another year has passed and your "favorite uncle" has begun his "eighth decade" (age70)..on earth.  .I continue to pray to you daily and fully recognize how your "spirit" influences my existence and decisions. Thanks for granting our victory as conference champions and I envy the super bowl seats you and the "Bears" will enjoy together!"       "I remain especially close with your parents and sister, their love and support is a debt I can never repay. Keep answering my prayers and one day,  God willing.......we'll be together again....."                                                              "UNCLE MICK"
Hello my son.  Went to the grave today on your birthday. well I guess it was actually yesterday since it is now pass midnight .  Talked to you , cried with you and prayed that you are somehow happy.  So many people still hurting so bad since you have gone.  I try to live my life and see things as I think you would have done.  We may have not always agreed but we were the same on so many levels.  Lol.  I miss you every day with all of my heart    Please take care of especially yourself ,cocoa ,pop pop and nana. Please continue to watch over Brianna and Gabriella and your "little" sister. Becky.  They will always need you. I love you "Scooter" always have,always will...Mom
Your uncle Mickey will especially be remembering you today in sunny Florida and how much you enjoyed your visits with me. I will surely be watching the videos today ....the dolphins jumping beside the boat and your laugh as they did so. .....God bless and keep you, now and forever"
Happy Birthday cousin Brian! You are not forgotten. Thinking of you on 'your day' today and Always.
I'm sure you must have something to do with helping our beautiful Lake Tahoe get replenished with all of the snow and rain there lately,,, This after '6 LONG YEARS of DROUGHT'. If only the "drought" we have collectively experienced here since your untimely passing could be alleviated so easily. Next time I see Tahoe, I will assuredly think of you and reflect on the happy times we shared there together.  And in the meantime, make the most of those same memories and recollections daily here to keep your presence alive in the hearts and minds of those of us who were fortunate enough to know and love you.
Hi Scooter  I will always call you by that name as it was our first name together,  I had my cup of coffee today in your favorite spot on the deck,  I listened to your voice mail several times telling me "I'll be home  soon and I love you MOM" just a couple of months before you left us. I keep the many things you either built, colored or bought me telling me the same thing.  You were and will always be close to my heart.  Your spirit lives on especially in Little Brianna,  Boy is she a hand full LOL just like you  Miss You Tell Nana and Pop Pop and Cocoa Puff I miss them along with so many others   Happy Birthday to my son Brian who I am so proud of ; for all of the good works you tried to accomplish
.....Thinking of you on your 36th Birthday, August 9th 2016.....keep smiling down on us and continue to daily answer my prayers....."
Happy Birthday cousin. No matter how far "time marches on" you are always close in recollection of memory and in the heart.
....Brian, you remain a constant reminder to all of us, that life is "finite" and each day is to be savored. I "sob" unabashedly when i remember you , and that is more often than you will ever know...(...but perhaps you do!)  Continue to bless us and watch over us each day , knowing that i do so for those left behind on Shisler Avenue. God bless you, my nephew.....and the wonderful legacy you left us all......."
5 years have passed and 'our' hearts and minds are heavy in reflection of the day you departed. Thank You for being one of my biggest 'cheerleaders' and the myriad of 'good times' that perpetuate in my memory. It's true... We reminisce over you. Lots of love to you cousin.
5 years...5 long years! Its so hard to believe that you have been gone that long. Its hard to believe I haven't seen you, hugged you, fought with you (lol), So much has happened in my life and not having you here to share it with has been so difficult! Your second niece will be here in April. I can just imagine how much you would love them and vice versa. Brianna picks up pictures of you as if she knows you so maybe you are visiting her. That night always replays in my mind and I just wish I did things differently. For one I would have never left without you! You would have never walked out that door without me chasing you! ugh all the things that would change if I could turn back time! Well I hope heaven is everything I dream of and that you are having a good time up there with all the special people lost along the way! I miss you terribly! I love you Bri!! Continue to watch over us and keep us safe!! xoxoxo
Hi Bri, I'm sorry that I'm a day late but Happy Birthday. Thanks for making mass short yesterday with no music lol I'm sure you had something to do with that! haha People say they see you in Brianna, she sure does have your energy! That baby never stops! I miss you everyday and it breaks my heart that so much is happening in my life and I can't share it with you. I know your looking down on us and protecting us. Thursday night is Brianna's 1st birthday and Blackthorn will be at Rose Tree park so were going to go. I hope you can make it!! I'll be looking for a sign from you! I love you so much!!
.......I BELIEVE IN MY HEART, THAT OUTSIDE OF YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS THAT THERE WAS NO ONE YOU CONFIDED IN MORE...THAN YOUR "UNCLE MICKEY".  " THERE IS SO MUCH SADNESS IN OUR HEARTS, TEMPERED ONLY BY KNOWING THAT YOU ARE SHARING HEAVEN EACH DAY WITH 'NANA &amp; PAPA BEAR"
Hi Brian I just wrote this long long email I am first going to see if this goes through before I try again
Hi Scooter This time I will make it short and sweet.  I know you read the long version I wrote before and thought Mom enough is enough.  Well I miss you more.  Buddy &amp; Stumpy wish you a Happy Birthday.  It is almost the time your were born 35 years ago.  Thank you for all of the JOY you brought into my life.  I have always been proud of you. Brianna LiL B Has your spirit Please give my love to Nana &amp; Pop Pop and special kisses xoxo to Cocoa Puff  Please watch over your Lil SIS,BRIANNA  and the rest of us Love and miss your 4ever  MOM
Happy Birthday to you cousin Brian... You are always thought of and remembered. I cannot believe you would be 35 today!  It will be a bittersweet day for us here, keep looking out for us all and your niece Brianna! Love ya.
I just came back from San Francisco and thought about our jaunt there almost 8 years ago and how much you enjoyed yourself. Always in memory, rest easy cuz.
Another year goes by and my heart is as broken as the first day you left us. So much as happened that I wish I could tell you and share with you. You would just love Brianna to pieces. I know you had something to do with her coming early and on your "due date" I felt your presence that day as I was driving into the hospital. I hope you know how much I love you and I'm sorry we were arguing that night but that's what siblings do right?! You know I loved you more then life itself. I took a quiz online "who is the most important person in your life" and my results said your sibling. I get so upset when I think of the years ahead of me and you not being there. I miss and love you so much. Please continue to watch over our family.
Hi Bri! I know you had to be there at the Phillies game for your birthday. Besides you not being there the day was perfect. Something you would have been crazy about. Besides the obvious "going to the game" Jim Thome was there and they inducted Charlie Manuel into the Hall of Fame. That was Mom's idea to go and to have your name up on the board. I miss you so much! I hate this feeling! With every passing day I miss you more and more. You will never be forgotten. I promise to make sure that your memory will live on forever through me! I was so lucky to have you in my world for 27 years. I love you Big Bro Bri!!
Happy Birthday #34 cuz. Time passes by and life goes on but memories never fade nor will you be forgotten. You are loved and missed always.
Happy Birthday Big Bro Bri!! Another birthday without you, this really sucks!! But I would never take back the wonderful 27 years that i got to spend with you! I love you so much and miss you terribly!! Please continue to watch over us!!
Thinking of you most especially today cuz, Time marches on but the pain of loss does not. Always in my thoughts and never forgotten.
Bri, i can't believe it's been this long without you here... We all still think about the good times we had with you.. We all miss you and love you.. Keep watching over your family and friends.. and we will one day meet again... and have a party in the sky...
Hello Scooter, Willow, Tucker or just MY Son.  It has been almost 18 months now and still the pain of losing you feels as severe as the day you left us, sometimes even worse.  Miss you with all of my heart which is broken and empty.   I am Giving some loving to Cocoa,Buddy and Stumpy for you. Keep watch over your family. Love Mom
Thinking of you today and every day - I can hardly believe it's already been a year. Rest In Peace cousin.
ove you baby boi and miss you so much :(
Here's hoping that you've found your Tahoe on the other side. Rest In Peace cousin Brian.
Bri,you were the big brother I never had and you never passed up the oppertunity to remind me of that...I have a lifetime of memories that will never be forgotten. We all love and miss you Bri...
Bri was a loving brother and a wonderful friend to have.. as well as a loving son, This goes out to the family who lost a really great guy... He will always and forever be in are hearts, we all loved and will still love you....
Brian leaves a lasting memory once you meet him. His smile brightens up the room, his laugh thunders in your heart. I don't have much memories with Brian. After I got married  and had a daughter partying was officially done for me. But i will never forget you Brian "peepee boy" Smith. May You Rest In Peace And God Bless Your Soul.
I am so sad that you left this earth way too early, but you have such a big and loving family that your memory will most certainly live on forever. They all love you so much! Please watch over them and make sure they get through this peacefully. Rest In Peace Brian
On Jan 22, 20011 my life changed forever! Not only did I loss my brother, I lost my best friend, my other half and at times my pain in the butt. My favorite memories in life were shared with him. He pushed me to step out of my comfort zone and live life to the fullest. I always admired his outgoing personality that would light up a room when he entered! I miss &amp; love you so much Bri!!
I can believe it's been so long... It's not true, it's nn-n-n-n--n-n-n--n-n-n-n-n-n-n--n-n-n--n-n-n-n--n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-not!
I am so sorry for the way you left here I hope you find eternal love and peace in heaven, you sound like alot of friend I have. God bless your Family and friends, Respectfully Cynthia
I can't honestly remember how many times throughout my life I wished you would just drop dead. At other times, though, I wouldn't want you anywhere else in the world but at my side. And... well, you'd give me hell if you knew I was crying right now, but... this is just too hard for me... -Ghangis
Boy, where do I start with Ole Grizzle. I remember I first met him online about four years back, playing Wrold of Warcraft. We had so many arguments about Warlocks and Mages, it kind of caused me to resent him. But, in some weird way, he drove me. He inspired me. All the arguments forced me to prove mages had a shot against Warlocks, and I became top 3v3. RIP from .
he most brave inspirational person to have walked this earth i will love you forever my mum my best friend my bridge over troubled water.xoxoxoxoxo
barry i goe to an international church in larnaka the priest is from brazil called fabrisio we i feel you near me so many times every body loved you here i dont drink anymore thanks to your help god bless you in my thought every day god bless martin
We did Marrakesh 'together', a place you always loved .... I felt you so with me. As I said to you en route to the airport, I just wish you had physically been with me too. Can't believe 9 years have passed.....but I'm catching you up in age! Love you forever....
Thankfully you are with me all the time but how I miss you in the flesh. How you made me laugh, how you loved me, how you changed my life. What wonderful journeys we went on together. I miss you so much but I am so grateful that you are with me guiding me &amp; loving me every step of the way, just as you said you would. I love you eternally xx
Dear Barry (cousin to our dear dad Geoff Smith) who also passed away in 2009. We - Louise, Jo and the twins remember you and Martin and the many happy times we shared with you when we were youngsters, visiting the shop in Brid. God bless you Barry RIP xxx
ways in my heart barry i hear and feel you near me all the time we'll all be togeather one day god bless martin
THE BEST BROTHER IN THE WORLD GOD BLESS MARTIN YOUR LITTLE BROTHER
A fellow traveller, rest in peace now you have finally arrived.
It's been 12years since you left a hole in my heart. I still have that same pain in my heart, I don't think it will ever be whole again without you. I miss you sooo much....
hi mom I miss u so much I'm all alone in this world, their is no more love here for me. the hold in my heart cant be filled. I'm just HERE! it do not matter life love not any of it.  I MISS U
Words can't express how much I need you in my life right now at this very moment.You kept me together, you taught me right from wrong.Life gets so difficult at times but I always had you there to keep me strong.People don't understand a mothers love for her children.Sometimes children don't understand their mothers Love.But understand this you better cherish your time with her before she's gone.You can't tell/get that time back.You only get one.LOVE YOU MOMMY.........
mom I miss you so much. This world is so cold without your love to keep me warm. I hurt everyday. And alone in a  crowd.
I'm sad you didn't meet my daughter, but I love that you're with my mom. Love you and miss you. xoxoxo &lt;3
Grandma you made the best jelly cakes this side of heaven. (smile)  I love and miss you!"
his is mom,i mis u so much! i have no one to love like you.and need u. i hope to be with you so the pain can stop.......love your son mis you so much!!!!
Happy Birthday in Heaven to you Dick Smith!!!  Please tell all my loved ones hello and we miss you all~
Praying for all the family on the 4th Anniversary of Dick's death.  He is still missed by so many people!
Happy Birthday in Heaven to you, Dick Smith!  I know you and Louise are having a grand time!
Praying for the family today on the 2 year anniversary of Dick's death! I know it is still  sad  to have lost your Dad and your Mother but just think what a grand reunion he and Louise had on this day 2 years ago!!!  They are no longer sick or in pain!!!  What a Blessing to have that assurance!  Love you all!
Dick was such a kind and gentle man. Always smiling and loved his wife and his children and grandchildren. He will be greatly missed. My love to the family and will pray for strength during this difficult holiday season for each of you.
Happy Birthday Mum x
Another year and do much has passed. You would love your great grandson to pieces. XxxxX
Another year since you went away. It never gets any easier mum. Big changes have happened, Beechwood Road has been sold and Dad has a bungalow up here now.  Roy is living in his own place now  Last Saturday I passed my 1St Dan Black Belt I miss you I love you - can you see my candle burning for you?  Always in my heart xxx
Oh, what land is the Land of Dreams?  What are its mountains, and what are its streams?  Oh father! I saw my mother there, Among the lilies by waters fair. Among the lambs, clothed in white, She walked with her boy in sweet delight. I wept for joy, like a dove I mourn;  Oh! when shall I again return? Miss you mum. X
Hi Janet won't believe it but l am going over to see Heather and Andrew  to day staying til Friday l am really looking forward to my stay. it is a shame l lost contact with our cousins l know you kept the family together you were a wonderful sister darling  miss you xxx
Hi Janet l know it has been a long time since l wrote here but you know  l have been thinking of you because "We are sisters forever Never apart Maybe in distance but Never at Heart" and that sums up our whole lives You Brenda and Me love you Janet miss you xxx
Today's is you birthday my beautiful mum, not a day goes by without you coming into my mind... Happy birthday Mum x
Well my lovely, another year another birthday. Your birthday celebration is going to be here in Skegness - a Picnic on the Beach! Everyone is looking forward to it. Your children, grandchildren, sisters, cousins, nieces, all getting ready. We miss you, always will, so come and join us....  xxx
Happy Birthday Mummy xx
My tears are like the quiet drift Of petals from some magic rose; And all my grief flows from the rift Of unremembered skies and snows. I think, that if I touched the earth, It would crumble; It is so sad and beautiful, So tremulously like a dream.  Xx
Hey Mum,  thinking of you today...
Hey Mum Another year since you have gone  I know you just could not hang on  Life goes on, as you know It's not the same, since you had to go So I light my candle and it burns bright Lightning up the crisp, cold night  I hope you see it, from where you are So you know how loved and missed you are.  Xxxxxx
I am looking forward to Christmas this year. We are going to see the grandchildren, all having Christmas day at Pat's. First time for many, many years that Christmas dinner has been cooked for me. Never did understand how you did it all in a microwave!! Barry is well, putting on a little weight at last.   Love you and miss you, always will xxx
Hey mum, Finlo saw your pictures for the first time today, I was looking at them on this site; it was as if he knew you all along, his face lit up and with a great big smile he said "Nana - nana, look daddy, nana!" I was a little lost for words or explaination, but should I be? 6 years mum, seems like yesterday. Oh, Finlo wants to say something: B ,lbb b. Nbhlppl Xxx
Well my lovely, things look better. I feel Debbie with me all the time. It's a slow journey but Barry is healing, Jackie and Nina are coping somehow, stay with us darling we're still hurting. They say laughter is a good healer, did you see the family BBQ? it was so good to have such a happy 'gathering', this time next year we will all celebrate your birthday in Skegness! Happy birthday, try to behave, I love and miss you xxxx
Happy Birthday mum, it's been a hard few weeks for me and I've spoken to you lots. I'm sure you can hear me. I hope you're having a lovely day up in Heaven today... always in my thoughts mum, love you and miss you xxxx
Hello Mum, Another year has passed and so much has changed But then,  you already know that. We miss your smile and laugh, your passion and when you are on the war path, But then this all lives on in each of us four and your beautiful grandchildren Love you Mum, sleep well Xx
Happy Birthday mum. Finlo says hello... You'd love him so much mum, so much. I wish he could have known you. He's my joy, my life. Xx
Oh Jan....5 years and we need you more than ever...so you'll know that Barry is fighting cancer for all he's worth - the next 2 years are critical. Did you see that I had a fall - what an idiot, first member of the family to impale a limb?!  We need angels Jan, send us angels - we need protecting!  Jackie and I told you before that we'll always need you. Now more than ever,  love you, miss you,   xxx
Oh Mum, 5yrs passed since you left. The Angels saw you struggling and they knew There was no more hope left for you So they wrapped you up in their love And took you to a place above Full of peace, calm and love,  Miss you, love you, send us Angels mum, we all need you now, I'm so poorly, Uncle Barry is fighting Cancer, Auntie Jackie needs healing love... Xxxxxx
You were in my thoughts yesterday, Ewan was having a great time and I knew you were watching him, as often you watch us all. So you know how alive and energetic he is, how questioning and inquisitive his mind is. I know this because that is how I remember you. Love you Mum. X
My precious Mum, I hope so much you had a lovely day yesterday for your 70th Birthday. I remember you love to dance and I hope you danced all day and all night with freedom and joy...I miss you, I miss so much it really hurts, I thought of you all day long. Look after our loved ones who are there with you, I bet you all had a super day.... I love you Mum xxxx
I think of you; I shed a tear, I wish that I could build some stairs, To take me up to where you are, To see you near; not from afar, You smile and wipe my tears away, Gently whispering 'it's ok' Telling me 'go on your way, until we meet again, one day.'
Mum, happy birthday. 70 today... But that means nothing where you are now. Love always from the three of us. We miss you mum xxx
Missing you sweetheart. Have fun today, jump from cloud to cloud, race around like an idiot, play hide and seek with our loved ones. Be totally free and laugh enough for us to feel your joy.  love you forever xxx
...oh Jan, I'm hurting, I'm having a very bad day, I miss you, I miss Mum, I hurt for all the pain Jackie is dealing with. And now we have one of those heartbreaking 'anniversaries' It's been two years since I asked you to take care of Deb, I'll go to her on Saturday, take some flowers, talk to her, I need to be there, it's such a gentle and peaceful place. Times like this make me so sad, so empty......  xxxx
Rest in peace mum, your little grandson is so beautiful you'd be so happy xx
Dear Mum, time has flown so fast since you left, not a day goes by when I don't think of you and miss you. Love you xxx
My lovely sis, we were recently threatened with severe flooding and the ferocious sea actually had the cheek to thrash and thunder over your rock. The sea was higher and mightier than1953 but it didn't break through. I laughed at myself when I imagined you standing at the top daring it to come any further. I'll be on the rock today, we can chat about old times,   love you xxx
A moments reflection in a world that moves so fast. xx
X
My darling sis, I wish I could call you and sing Happy Birthday, but with my voice that would be cruel!!! Better than that, I wish you could see your kids, you would be so proud. AND, it's perfect BBQ weather and the British Grand Prix is over. I so, so wish you were here, wish we could cuddle one more time.    sisters together........ I love you.
My darling mum, thinking of you on your birthday, I miss you so much. Xx xx
I just wanted to say your memorial is touching.  I pray God will continue to strengthen you. I hope, you can also take comfort in Revelation 21:4: "[God] will wipe out every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more…the former things have passed away.""
I miss you x
And so again  the seasons come and go  but yet as aways there is one thing I know, you may no longer be with us here,  but your memory will  always keep you near. Miss you Mum xxx
Throughout the years I've thought of you, and once in a while I cry. For although you're gone, it was much to soon for us to say goodbye. Some day we'll meet again when we shall smile and reminisce and Heaven will fill with the laughter of me and my big Sis. Love and miss you. xxx
Dear Mum, How can it be 3yrs since we had to let you go? The time has flown but for me the sorrow remains. I wipe my tears and I remember your smile, your loving hugs and cuddles, your sense of humour and your determination never to give in. I think of you all the time you are in my heart and always will be. I love you xxxx
..so..I was thinking back to Norbury Grove, we 3 girls were in the street play,  3 beautiful princesses celebrating our new Queen's Coronation - and now it's the diamond jubilee!!!    I mean, surely it can't be 60 years ago - can it?  Be peaceful sweetheart and remember "sisters together, never apart.... love you   xxxx
I don't suppose you have birthdays any more - but I haven't forgotten what day it is. Too wet for Barbecues right now - and in any case the British Grand Prix was last week ;&gt;). Later, I'll find a way to celebrate our life together ...... Oh! and Just in case - Happy Birthday
Really missing you today, Tracey and I have had a really hard time this month.. Take care of April for us, we know you will. xxx
Hey Mum, take care of Deb's, I am sure that you are together, two angels looking down on us all, love you mum so much and miss you more then I can ever put into words...come and see me soon mum please..xxxxxx
I'm overcome today, I don't know why, it just happens. I'm missing Debs dreadfully, hold on to her for me darling, just help her through. Guide her and love her, just as you would if you were here. I never wanted to lose you but I am not so frightened knowing you are there for Debs. God really does move in mysterious ways. I love you xxxx
my darling sis, gather the others together and take care of my baby  xxx
What a sad time its been for us recently mum. Debs has joined you but had to leave us to do so, we'll miss her dearly but we know she's in good company. Just try to behave yourselves! Love you mum xxx,
I just thought I'd drop by and say hi and realised the music playing is Beethoven Moonlight Sonata - I don't usually have the sound turned up. I was going to make a comment about how it should be the Muppet Show theme tune, but I didn't think that was appropriate; although I just have lol... I'm Missing you loads mum, wish you were here but you're somewhere better, you lucky thing! x x x
...so here we are my lovely girl, Christmas again. Shopping finished, presents wrapped, just waiting for tomorrow when Deb and Pat arrive. I'll relax tonight, feet up and a glass or two of gin and tonic - I just know you'll approve!    love you  xxx
Oh mum as I wipe the tears away reading your recent tributes, I think of you, of how much I love you and how much I miss you. I wish I could have five more mins to hear your voice to hear you laugh to see your smile, all I have are memories and photogrtphs - I don't want those, I want you. Love you mum so much xxxxxxx
Thinking of you today, but its not the only day, I just thought I would tell you this time. I miss your laugh and giggles. It was contagious! I know you watch over everyone to see what they are up to. I try to keep a picture of you in my mind of your birthday, when you looked lovely in your red top and white trousers and were over the moon with your birthday cake.
When you proclaimed "this is Jan's rock" you couldn't have known the peace it would bring. When I sit there I am with you, I feel you close to me, you are in my heart. I have Jackie and she has me, we miss you, we always will. Look after us Jan, we still need you..."Sisters forever, never apart, maybe in distance, never at heart. xxxx
Mama,love u and miss u so much!!I think of u every day! in all that i do. Trying to make u proud of me! The boys always see ur pic. on the wall and say thats my grandma!They miss u to.!Still trying to make it without u,but i know u r watching over us!!!! love You MAMA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Love Charlie and Rachel and the Boys!!
Grandma, I miss you so much. Though you have been gone for a while i miss you more and more each day. As does everyone else. Boo boo still asks about you. Asking when he can see you again and it makes me cry. I love you grandma and i know you are smiling down on us. &lt;3 Diamond Shyanne Smith
hey babyboy this is mamaw god i miss u and love you u may be gone but your always in my thought and my heart ill never forget u i love you erick
Erick its mom again.Im sure you know that I just miss you so much.I just think alot about what i wouldn't do just to see you one more time,one more hug,one more kiss on the cheek,Just hear your voice.I could go on and on here.Baby boy i was told this would get easier.However its not i still feel the pain i felt the morning they told me you were gone.You are missed and loved so much!!!     Mom
Erick it has been some time since i have been here.And the reason for that is because I still can't get over this.Baby boy i feel the same pain i felt a year ago when they came in my hospital room @ 7:42 Jan 13 2010.Its been a year however it feels like yesterday.You are so missed &amp; Loved I love you.  Mom
Well my love just stopping by to wish you a happy birthday and to let you know that I Love you and haven't forgot about you. I think about you all the time. I know you are in a better place but it is still hard on all of us that love you. You watch over all of us and know how we all feel about you just by looking in our hearts... I love you with all my heart goodnight my love
Erick, it still saddens me everyday that you're gone. I love you son. Just know that I was proud of you and your accomplishments. I wish for peace for your mom.     Love Dad.
It's me again my love just thought I would stop in and tell you that I love you and miss you so much. Even though we are far apart we are still so close. I love you Erick  goodnight MY LOVE
Well my love it is me again I just couldn't stay away. I finally got to talk to your mom last night and she knows how much I love you and always will. Hope you are resting peacefully in heaven with all the rest of the angels. Because I know you are looking over me and all your family....  I love you with all my heart and always will...  goodnight my love
Erick I never got the chance to tell you how I felt about you. I guess it is better late than never. I have always and will always love you. You will always be my soul mate. I will come back to visit in a few days until then I love you.. Love always   Cindy
Hey Baby Boy.I know i have not been on here in some time.And im sure u know why.I miss you so much.I wish i could see you or hear your voice.Erick I miss  everything about you.And i would give anything if i could just have one more day to share with you.I really wish i would of not been in the hospital when this happened.Baby boy there is so much i want to tell you.And i will i promise.I love you
Morning Baby boy I woke up and as always you are the first thing i thought about as always.Well in a couple days it will be 8 months since my world was changed forever.And it feels like it did the day i was first told that you were no longer with us.Wow that is the words that was used i will never forget them.And im sure you are watching over me right now.I love u and miss you so much.MOM
Erick its another day.And my heart breaks because you are not with me.I miss you so much.Baby Boy im doing the best i know how without you here.And i must admit it is really hard.I think about you nonstop.Erick you are missed and loved very much!!                                       Mom
Baby Boy I know i have not been on here for a few days.However you know i miss and love you very much!!!. I wish you were here with me.I reall y miss hearing you tell me its going to be ok.I know deep down it will.However it just seems so hard without you.I miss you and love you. Nite  Love Mom
Hey Baby Boy its Mom again.I cant seem to stay away.I guess because i love and miss you so much.And i feel better when i come and write to you.Anyway you know i love you and miss you.And would love to see you even if it was just one more time.I would do or give anything for that.I checked on your Babies they are doing good.Alexis misses you alot.But you already knew that.love u Mom
ove u erick your my oldest grandson which ill always love never had much time with u but u will always be my baby boy love u forever you will always be in my heart                                  love your grandma
Erick i woke up this morning and all i thought about was you.I miss you so much.My heart breaks knowing i cant see you or hear your voice!!!.Baby boy i am so lost without you.There is not a day goes by that i dont wish you were here ,I miss our Mother and son talks!!U are loved and missed so much.                                 Love Mom
Erick just wanted to let you know we are thinking of you.We miss you so much!!.And love you.Just know you are missed Baby Boy!!
Erick (My Baby Boy)I woke up this morning missing you so much!!.Im trying my best to do what i think you would want me to do.However it is very hard knowing im not going to see or hear your voice.Erick i just love and miss you so very much.                                         Love Mom
Erick you are missed so much.I love you Baby boy.I wish you were here with me.There is not a day goes by that im not wishing i could give you a hug,or hear your voice.I love you so much!!!Rest in peace.I will see you again someday in heaven.                                     Mom
Hard to believe its been 20 years already.  Still miss you just as much as if it were yesterday.
20 years seems like such a long time.  I wish I had been able to say goodbye.  I had some great uncles; you were one of those great ones!  My favorite memory is of you and the boys along with Aunt Dewey sitting around the table playing euchre.  You had more fun then ever!  I also still hear the stories from mom on how you pretty much raised my dad, getting him ready for school every day and feeding him breakfast then letting him live with you and Aunt June when he was 16.  Then of course there is the story of you and June missing mom and dad's wedding because Jeff decided to be born that day!  Miss you Uncle Henry!  Christy
As I took my daughter to college last week I shared with her how much I looked forward to getting the letters you wrote and mailed me when I started at IU. They were special and so were you. Love you!  Tom
Thinking of you today and everyday
HAPPY BIRTHDAY UNCLE HANK.....I Loved our Visits to South Bend..Always SO Much Fun
Thinking of you on this day which have been your 90th birthday. Miss you and love you
Your birthday parties were filled with joy and laughter always. I can only imagine what a happy day it is in Heaven to celebrate with all of the angels! Your memory will warm my day today!
You were such a good man ... Kind, gentle, and so funny! It was evident that you loved your family more than anything ... Even more than the Cubs! You will be forever missed, but your memories are alive and cherished.
Thinking of u and missing you but remembering u also with fond memories.  Hard to believe it's been 16 years already.  So much has changed and my hope and wish is that you shower those of who are left behind with lots of prayers.
Forever missed
Thinking of u dad . I'm missing u so very  much    I hope  u  r truly at peace  and  please send  some of it to   n  your  family  here  on  earth
I love and miss you dad.
I remember just getting my driving learners permit and Grandpa Smith letting me drive all the way from South Bend to Zanesville, Ohio. I was nervous, but that sure was fun! Happy Birthday Papaw...miss you!
Love you papaw......wherever you are! Go Cubbies!
hard to believe it's been 15 years.  Love you and you are with me always
The Chicago Cubs game I was fortunate to share with you, Jan, and Tom is a particular favorite memory.  You made it so enjoyable with that twinkle in your eye, always thinking of something ornery to say or do.  I envied your daughter having a father with such a fun-loving spirit.
Dad,   One year you sent via mail a home made puzzle and after we put the puzzle together it was reminding us that April 17th is your birthday.  Thanks for the memories dad.  I love you
We miss you dad and we are thinking of you today.
Wish you were here to join in all the fun at Hannah and Friends.
We miss you dad. We will always love you.  Thanks for all the memories.
nearly Thanksgiving day ... thankful for all the wonderful memories of my Mom, who was always strong and beautiful !  Miss you, Mom!
Mom,  I'd say "HAPPY BIRTHDAY", but, of course, every day is perfect where you are.   I think of you daily, ...  I love and miss you, always ...
Your namesake, Eva Mae Goss, was able to visit your final resting place during our MI trip. How I wish Christian could remember you and Eva Mae could have met you! You still live on in our hearts and memories! ❤️
90th birthday today...I was thinking how elegant you were, how much I would love to visit with you, especially today to celebrate YOU!  Happy 90th birthday today here on earth, wish you were here! I love(d) you Momma!
Happy Birthday, Aunt Eva!  I love you and miss you dearly.  So blessed for the wonderful memories that bring smiles to my face when thinking of you.  xoxo
Eva was my second Mom, she was always there for me. She was so easy for me to talk to. Eva was my Mom's best friend, She was with my Mom when she passed away. I was so comforted that Mom was not alone, but with her buddy. I see them drinking coffee all day, coloring each other's hair, and a night cap of Sherry to finish the day. I have great memories of Eve and Walt, how I loved them both. I see you and Mom chatting over coffee. Love you Eve, and miss you. I am so happy you were in my life. What a wonderful second Mom.
Happy birthday Grandma. Today is the visitation for Nick's dad and it makes me so sad to have lost loved ones this year. I pray that you, dad, and Nick's dad are singing beautiful music with Jesus today. I love you.
Hey Grandma!  Thank you for preparing me and Christian for Dad's passing.  While on our morning walk yesterday I loved seeing a reminder of you in the beautiful irises that are blooming.  I could never have imagined that talking to Christian about heaven would be such a relevant topic. I hope that you are showing Dad all the wonderful things about heaven right now.  You are missed and I love you so much.
You are always on my mind..... Willy Nelson it's singing in my head &amp; so many memories are flooding me as tears flow tonight.  I miss Eva Mae Smith, my mommy &amp; friend. I want to spend time with you. Some dates are are hard &amp; today it's hard without you.
MOM, so hard to believe it has been almost 3 years since you left ... i miss you profoundly - yes, I'm comforted to know you are with Dad, and the two of you are in the Presence of the Lord ... part of my heart is with you, and always will be, i love you, !!!
Happy birthday, Grandma!  I wish we could go out and celebrate at Mere Bulles like we did for your 80th birthday!  I'm so thankful that you lived a long life and so many of those years were in perfect health!  I hope you and Paula Wyatt are making beautiful music praising the Lord together!  Losing loved ones is so hard but I know we'll see you again!
Happy Birthday Aunt Eva!  Go enjoy a Bill Knapp's birthday cake and listen to Bing Crosby sing "Happy Birthday to you" with my Mom.  Either that or you and Uncle Walt can play some cards with my Mom and Dad.  I know that all four of them are having the best time together in paradise!  Love and miss you.  :)
Hi Shari, I went by your mother's home in Foxwood today.  I guess I was looking for a hug.  I miss her.     Harry
Grandma, you have been in my thoughts a lot over the past few days.  I wish you could hold your beautiful granddaughter!  I can't wait to share stories and pictures with her as she grows! Thank you for watching over her! I had a good cry the other day as I came across the letters that Grandpa wrote you.  Thank you for giving them to me! And thank you for loving and teaching me so much!
Happy 85th Birthday, Aunt Eve.  I miss you so very much. I am so glad to have another little Eva Mae in our family now but am sad that she will not know you as she grows up. One day, I know, one day we will all be together again.  Love you and miss you, dearest Auntie
Can't believe it's been a year...I am QUITE sure that she, Uncle Walt, and my mom and dad are playing a game of cards (pinochele spelled wrong!)....and sharing memories and having a great ole time....thankfully we'll be able to see them again someday! :)
On this day one year ago......that's all I can write. I miss my mom!
I cannot believe it has been a year since your light went out of my life. I think of you all the time, miss you and love you so very much. I know where you are and that I will see you again one day, but sure would love to call you and hear your voice right now! Love, Janine
Mom, i think it took BEING a Mom myself, to really understand a Mother's LOVE. for all you've IMPARTED to me, for ALL you've given and all your LOVE - I am truly grateful ! I think you know NOW, more than ever how profoundly i love you ! i miss you, but i feel you near.
I needed to see you and remember your face....I'm glad this webspace is here for us. Thank you RaeAnna, for setting this up- a place to leave a thought and shed a tear. My mother was a beautiful person and I miss her so so much.
January 14, 2011 I hope this Birthday was very special - because you are freed from this body and reunited with Dad in the courts of the Lord.  Please watch over my Katie Lynn,'til I get there ... Love you !
Aunt Eve, I was thinking of sending you a picture of Lindsay from her recital and a fall card. and then I remembered that you are not here. I will miss picking out or making you cards and sending pics of the kids. I miss YOU so very much. My heart hurts so much when I think of you being gone. But I know you are with Jesus. Love you always and forever, Janine :)
Proud to have had Eve as our friend.  We miss our hugs.  She brought pleasure to everyone she met with her hugs.  Harry and Edna Richardson, Guelph Ontario, Canada.
Eve was a special friend to Frank and me. I enjoyed visiting with Eve on way back to Michigan in the spring. Our cruise trips where great.
miss you so much, Mom - but i feel you with me sometimes, and it helps ...
I miss you Mom. You showed unconditional love to all, thank-you for your example!
I thought of you yesterday Grandma!  I sang a song with other music teachers and wished that you could still come hear my choir and school programs. Playing music for you brought me so much joy!
Dearest Aunt Eve, hardly a day goes by without you coming into my thoughts. I miss you so very much and hear your voice in my mind and feel sad that I can't call you and talk to you.
I'm missing you Momma....
Love you forever.  Not enough room here to write all of the feelings in my heart. Judy-girl...
Aunt Eve, I miss you so much! I love you forever and ever and always.
Eva was a beautiful Christian lady.  She will be greatly missed by her family and friends.  She was truly an inspiration.
I wil always remember Eva as a gracious lady with much wisdom and love for everyone. May her memory live and inspire as she did in this life. Take comfort that she is in the presence of her saviour!
I love you always..
She was beautiful and looked just like her daddy. RIP little one.
n peace little one
I shed a tear looking at this little Angel. What a brave little girl. She will always be with you. My deepest sympathy to all your family.
I miss you so much Lexie! Not a day goes by without me thinking of you.... I love you "My Little Angel".. Your loving Nana!
Dad 10 yrs I cant believe it.. Seems like yesterday. I miss you so much Dad. No words can ever describe my love for you. I see you in my dreams. I talk to you there and see your smile. Yes gone too soon
Darling Dad, I cant believe 6 yrs has passed. I miss you so much. Every day something reminds me of you, I miss our talks and your sweet smile...Until we meet again I will always be your loving daughter...xxxxxxx
Darling Dad, How I miss your sweet face. You would have been  74 &amp; I would have bought you your bottle of brandy!. Dad I really hope you are right about there being a heaven, because then one I will get to see you again...I love you dear Dad &amp; your always in my thoughts &amp; in my heart..xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Dad, 5 yrs today u left us &amp; I miss u now more than eva. I long to see ur smiling face &amp; feel ur arms around me. Im so lucky to have had you as My Father, but without you I feel empty. Always thinkin of you Daddy, I love you. Till we are together once more....
Darling Dad, how I miss you, your sweet smile and your funny little ways. I feel like a child, so alone without the one person who has for my entire life been right there by my side. I hope you know how much your missed &amp; love &amp; I try to be the person I know you want me to be. But its not the same without you. Keep a possy warm for me Dad we will be together again one day. Love U so much X
Dad, theres not a day that passes that I dont think of you. I miss you terribly. I long to see your smile and touch your face. Life is not the same. I will always love you Dad &amp; hope one day we will be together again.
Sleep tight with the angels, god bless xxxx
I am so very sorry for your loss. Our Creator purposed for us to live forever, so having to cope with the death of a loved one feels very unnatural. The passing of time doesn’t always seem to dull the sting, because the void of our loved one still remains. Soon, we will be able to experience the truthfulness of Gods promise "And the last enemy, death, is to be brought to nothing" (1 Corinthians 15:26). What better hope than to know that God will very soon bring an end to death and all the pain we face (Revelation 21:4). My sincere condolences to all who knew and loved Elizabeth.
I can’t belive it will be 8years in June you have been gone gran..  missing you so much every day.... Dad passed away on 22nd October and it’s almost been a year already I feel alone without yous gran:(.    I hope yous are having fun in the sky and I will be there soon I love and miss yous xxxxx
Miss you mum... my heart's breaking so much...love you always forever xxxxx
Heartbroken, we lost Kenneth on 22nd Oct last year, to a heart attack. I'm hoping he is with you all, i miss you all so much...I feel so alone here, not keeping well either. I so need your hugs mum....love you all so very much.. I miss you mum...it hurts still....you learn to cope but it doesn't get easier..  Your loving daughter Margaret xxxxx
hi mum just want u to know I haven't forgot what day it was on the 18th  mum . I miss you more than words can say mum each day just seems to get harder without u theres not a day that goes by that ur not in my thoughts  I miss you so much mum  rest in peace mum we all love you so much xxxxxxxxxx
Thinking of you , missing you more than words can ever say.. it would have been your birthday today.... Not that anyone cares to know..but i could never forget.. As you know i was up laying flowers at your graveside.. i hope your keeping everyone on they're toes up there.. I love you mum, and miss you so much.... Your loving daughter.. Margaret. xxxx
year has past now since we lost you mum and the pain that i feel dosent and hasent gone away we miss you mum ever so much.there isnt a day go by that we dont think about you or cry for you.your always in our minds and in our hearts. love you always
your the best mum and grandmother in the world we will never forget you mum love u always and forever xxxx
18th sept-14th june 2010 rest in peace mum xxxx
n peace miss u loads mum in law from ure daughter in law mary xxxxxx
ove you ever so much mum miss you every day every day is a struggle  without you every day is getting harder to kope with u not being here dear mother.how does life have to be like this when u lose the ones you love so much. i cant bare being without you any more dear mother i miss you so much love kenneth xxxx
ove u mum i miss u ever so much xxxxx
miss u so much mum inlaw rest in peace love u so much ure daughter inlaw mary xxxxxxxxxx
mum it will soon be 2 months since you passed on and im missing you so much  every day is getting harder to carry on with out you mum i love you so much your always in my heart xxxx
m missing you every day mum love you always and forever xxxx
will always and forever miss u gran and u will never be out of my life xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
we will always and forever love u xxxxxxxxxx
n peace gran xxxx
ove you always mum xxx
m missing u so much mum my heart breaks every day rest in peace love you mum xxx
ove u mum im missing you so much.i dont have the words to describe how im  feeling love you always and forever xxx
n peace gran love u sooo muchxxx love u lotsxxx
.i.p. gran. i will always miss u are in my heart  love u gran xxxxxxxx
Mum i miss you so much that i can't put it into words how i am really feeling,people keep asking if i'm ok. But i can't really answer that as i don't know...i love you so much mum always forever.xxx
best mum and gran in the world we all love you mum  your sadly missed xxxx
Betty, you will be sadly missed, we have great memories of you love you always miss you always. you were a wonderful person. lots of love Colin and Jackie xxx
nt stop thinking of u mum i miss you so much your in my heart sweet angel xxxx
we miss you my sweet angel
ove you always mum your always in my heart xxxx
n peace sweet angel
n peace mum we all love you and you will never be forgotten your spirit will live within us all mum for eternity  u gave us a gift agift of life love you always and for eternity mum xxxx
may u rest in peace
will always miss u betty ure in my heart always god bless u mother inlaw xxxx
n peace little one.i myself know the pain of loseing a child at such a young age.
ove and miss you loads baby boy xxxxxxxxx
orry for you lost, i know what you are feeling i have been there so i am lighting this candle in memory of your little angle.
mummy cant stop thinking off you, this pain wont go away i love you and miss you sooooooooo much, your always in my heart xxxxxxxxxx
Still miss and love you dear one,
Happy Birthday dear one, we miss you.
Dear Lynda we all miss you as much as ever, Happy Birthday Sweetheart. Aunt Nell.
Happy Birthday dear one, I wish you were here with us.
My heart still aches in sadness,  My silent tears still flow,  For what it meant to lose you ..daughter..  No one will ever know.  The tears in my eyes I can wipe away, The ache in my heart will always stay.
We miss you so much Lynda. Someday, God willing we'll see you again.
Lynda, you are loved beyond words and missed with a grief beyond all tears. Mum
miss u so much lynda!!! even though as we got older we didnt get much time to hang out like we used to u where always a HUGE part of my life and one of my role models u where a great mother and friend...i hope i can b as good of a mom as u..i miss
our little Sweetie, we miss you so
Sweet baby girl,I miss you dearly. Love you forever. Granny
Love and compassion for the one's left behind.  May memories sustain you until happiness sets in again.  Time is a great healer.
Gone from our sight, but never from our heart. Words can not express how much we will miss our sweet little Lynda.  May memories comfort you and bring you peace during this very difficult time.
Sweet Lynda, we've enjoyed knowing you and having you in our family. We'll always love and miss you forever. Rest, Dear one with our Savior until we meet again
Seems as though it’s me and you here in this site kiddo!   You will never be forgotten, always our “son”.  Miss you more than words can say.
Drew, some thing  just don't get any easier, and missing you is one of those things.  Oh, how I wish you were still here.  How awesome that would be! Love and miss you so very much!
You live in my heart every single day. How I wish you were here, there are no words.  Xo
Happy Birthday in Heaven, sweet Drew. You have no idea how I wish you were here.  You will always be "my son".  How different things would be if you were still here with us.  They would be just the way they should be!! I miss you so much!!
I still wonder what life would be like if you were still here.  You are so incredibly missed. No matter how many years go by until we meet again, you will always be a part of our family.  Rest easy sweet Drew.  xo
Your light still shines in our hearts, especially every time I imagine your face with that contagious smile that would light up a room.  We miss you so much and know that you watch out for us especially when you send us those ".11 cent reminders.  Happy 25th Birthday in heaven, sweet Drew.  You are always in our hearts.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DREW
Seven years without you and it still is hard. We love and miss you and your beaming smile and the happiness you always brought with you wherever you went. Love,  Aunt Cindy and Uncle Taylor
Happy Birthday sweet boy you are missed so badly still but I know you are shining down and looking over all of us! It just still does not seem real without you! Love you bunches Nicole
Happy Birthday sweet Drew.  There aren't words to explain how you are missed.  You are forever in our hearts.  Xo Chris
Words cannot express how much you are missed. I often think of your smile and how it brightened our lives. Please watch over 'our girl' and your Mama. I know you are their Guardian Angel.   xoxoxo
YOU WERE THE LIGHT IN OUR LIVES THAT WILL FOREVER BE MISSED. YOUR SMILE WAS CONTAGIOUS! I WILL NEVER FORGET YOU, THE BOYS MISS YOU BADLY AND STILL TALK ABOUT YOU ALL THE TIME. ERISS IS JUST LIKE YOU AND PAPA JIMMY. YOU ARE SO SPECIAL AND I KNOW YOU WOULD NOT WANT SADNESS TODAY BUT I JUST STILL DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE WHY....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DREW MISS YOU THINK ABOUT YOU ALL THE TIME
Happy birthday Drew! We miss you so much. There are a lot of country songs that ALWAYS remind me of you. Your smile and personality will NEVER be forgotten. Happy birthday in heaven today with new loved ones. Aunt Cindy and Uncle Taylor love you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DREW!  WE LOVE AND MISS YOU SO MUCH.
I LOVE YOU!!! I MISS YOU!!!  You have always been so special, every one knows it. I just want you back here with us. Its just not right without you.
Five years ago today Heaven gained a new angel. It's still so hard to believe you aren't here.  the "God winks" and the memories keep you alive in our hearts.  Love and miss you!
Bo 5 years ago today was very hard for All of us we lost something special and heaven gained him i love and miss u every day buddy
Your light still shines in the hearts of those you touched.  Happy 22nd birthday.  Love and miss you!
Happy birthday buddy I miss u everyday
Happy 22nd Birthday!!!!!! LOve and miss you lots! Keep watching over papa JImmy. love you Nicole
4 TEARS AGO TODAY OUR LIVES CHANGED FOREVER! I MISS YOUR SMILE, YOUR LAUGH, YOUR HUGS, HELL I MISS EVERYTHING! THE BOYS STILL TALK ABOUT YOU SO MUCH, THEY ARE AT THE AGE NOW WHERRE YALL WOULD BE HAVING SO MUCH FUN OR SHOULD I SAY BE IN TROUBLE? I KNOW GAN GAN IS SO HAPPY TO BE WITH YOU.. AND GRANDMA PAT SAID SHE WOULD BE BY THE ROAD TONIGHT AND NOT BE IN HER "HOUSE COAT".
NOT ENOUGH ROOM HAD TO GET ANOTHER BOX, IMAGINE THAT. I KNOW YOU THOUGHT THAT WAS FUNNY... THEY SAID YOUR NAME AT A MEMORIAL AT A FOOTBALL GAME THE OTHER NIGHT AT WEST AND I HEARD THE PLACE WENT CRAZY. GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTEN! KISSES BABY BOY I LOVE YOU! TEARS:(
I cannot believe it has been4 years, I can only imagine what you have been up to:) I can feel you watching after me sometimes, you will never be forgotten.
You were like a ray of sunshine to our family and to all who knew and loved you;always cheerful with your contagious smile and personality.  It will never be the same without you.  Now you are that bright star shining down from heaven and our special guardian angel.  We miss and love you so much..
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY IN HEAVEN.  Your light still shines brightly in our hearts.  xoxo
Happy birthday Drew not a day goes by that you don't pop up in my thoughts Miss you     George
Happy 21st birthday!!!! Miss you bunches!!! If you were here I know we would be hitting the town this weekend! We love you, nicole
I hate it that you are not here.  No other way to put it.  I wish I could turn back time and change it all
You have been weighing on my mind alot lately, I feel like your here with me watching and probably making funny jokes at me, I love you and you will always be missed!
Happy Birthday Drew! sending prayers to family for strength during this hard month. Love Patti, Hunter, Preston, Jeremy
Today is your 20th birthday.  We all wish you were here to celebrate, It is still so hard to believe that you are not. We will never understand why. The wonderful memories of your vibrant life keep you alive in our hearts until we see you again one day.  HAPPY BIRTHDAY. Love you!
HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY. I MISS YOU SO VERY MUCH. LOVE YOU!
Drew you are missed very much by so many people. Love Buddy,Samantha, &amp; Kim.
We miss you Drew, love Craig, Trish, Kati and Jacob!
HAPPY 19TH BIRTHDAY! I KNOW YOU ARE LOOKING OVER US TODAY WANTING US TO REMEMBER THE GREAT MEMORIES WE HAD TOGETHER. HAVE A WONDERFUL BIRTHDAY IN HEAVEN AND DON'T FORGET YOUR BIRTHDAY DOLLAR FROM PAPA BEELER. LOVE AND MISS YOU!
HAPPY 19TH BIRTHDAY IN HEAVEN SWEET DREW.  NOT A DAY GOES BY THAT I DON'T MISS YOU!!!! LOVE CHRIS
I'm not sure which memory of Drew makes me laugh more... the one where he would come over to the house when he just learned to walk and terrorized our dog or the one where he came to visit us and was enthralled with our hamster. Or when he would trick-or-treat with us.  We always had fun!
Miss you  Drew those memories will never be forgotten
Drew, thinking of you today! love you Trish,Craig,Kati and Jacob
Happy 19th Birthday I hope you got your dollar from Papa Beeler....still don't understand why you were taking away so young it was way to soon...Love Terri
THIS WEEKEND IS ANOTHER WEEKEND OF HELL. JUST THE THOUGHT OF MULE DAYS MAKES ME WANT TO THROW UP.. BECAUSE I KNOW HOW YOU LOVED THE WHOLE WEEKEND. AND JUST THE THOUGHT OF JOCO SCHOOLS CLOSING THE FRIDAY BEFORE WAS SO BIG TO YOU. DAMN I MISS YOU... LOVE YOU ALWAYS NICOLE
It's still so hard to believe that you are gone.  Our lives will never be the same without you.  I try so hard to keep thinking of all the good memories, but it still hurts so much to know that is all we have right now.  Still trying to make sense of it all........miss and love you so much!!
I MISS YOU AND LOVE YOU... LOOK OVER YOUR MAMA AND TAKE CARE OF HER! LOVE YOU BUNCHES, NICOLE
WHAT A HANDSOM YOUNG MAN HE WAS MY SON WAS ALSO BORN ON OCT 8 SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS. RIP STEVEN
GONE, BUT NOT FORGOTTEN! LOVE CRAIG,TRISH,KATI AND JACOB!
Dearly missed, never forgotten Love Patti
I MISS YOU SO MUCH I COULD HAVE NOT ASKED FOR A BETTER NEPHEW. YOU WILL NEVER BE FORGOTTEN. LOVE YOU BUNCHES COLE COLE
It is not how long a star shines,but the brightness of it's light." Drew,your light will shine forever bright.We will miss you &amp; your smile every single day until we meet again in heaven. Love Chris
Drew - you are missed by so many....only the good die young....I will never understand why you were taken away from your family at the y oung age of 17...love you Terri
Rip x
I will always remember the good times we had together. Especially sitting on the beach in Hawaii watching our spouses being dragged around by a speed boat up in the air. Or zip lining 52 floors up. We consoled each other safely on the ground.  We had great adventures together, hope you are still having them up there.
I cant beleave iam never gonna see you again. I will cherish all the times we got to spend together. I wanted you to be at peace but I also wanted to have more time with you. I love you and will all ways miss you .
When you left, my heart was shattered.  As difficult as it still feels, I can't help but be overwhelmed by all that you left me with. You taught me what it meant to work hard to provide for your family... That life will test your will, but that setbacks are temporary... That music is your most reliable and cheapest therapist... That short shorts are appropriate at any stage of life... That mustaches are everything... You showed me that nature can recharge your soul... That your pets are sometimes the only people in your house that truly appreciate and understand you... And that if you have nothing else in life, have a sense of humor... You were a man of few words, but I was always listening... I love you dad.
Tom, you were a funny and talented individual who had that taken away by Lewy Body. I’m glad I got to know you before that took over who you used to be. I’m thankful that you no longer have to endure the hell that you suffered thru with this disease and you are now free. We will see you on the other side one day my friend.  Love ya
I think about you everyday. I am happy you are free of the struggles you faced everyday of that damn Lewy body! It was so very sad watching the person I love fade away before my eyes. And I know it was so very hard for you to deal with too! I want to thank you for letting me have Sharon in our life.   I know you know me and I could not have survived with out her. I think we made a good team together. I will miss your laughs your love and your smile. We had a great life together. Thank you for our sons and some really great memories~love forever and ever~ Jacqueline
I wish everyday that you were still here ill never forget you I love and miss you so much Kelsey fly high beautiful ❤
You will forever live on in my heart and my thoughts,I miss you so very much and not a day goes by that I do not think about you and wish you were here,I love and miss you so very much.
MAY YOU R.I.P CHANDLER
Chasity, so sorry for your loss.
My precious child
My darling Jordie. I miss you every day. I miss your beautiful smile &amp; your big bear hugs. I wish I could have seen what you would have become in your future. I know you would have continued being a better man, son, grandson, brother &amp; friend. We will never forget you. I know I will see you again. I love you more than I can say. Grandma
I think of you often and I'll miss you always.  Marcia
Daddy, we love you and miss you. Emily and Lily
My baby left our family to be with her Father on 06/28/2015. She will forever be missed by all that have crossed her path in life! She will be remembered by her infectious smile and her sense of humor.  We Love &amp; Miss You, Kiki!!! She was so young &amp; had a lot of living to do! 06/02/94-06/28/15
Missing you always.  You were my "big" little brother and I miss our morning coffee or just the way you'd walk up and give me a hug.  I love you Bunny and look forward to seeing you again!
You were My Everything, My World, My Life and I will forever love you.
To my loving husband, I will always love you and carry you in my heart. My life feels empty without you. I miss you so much, your smile, your life, and the way you hold me. You were my best friend, no matter what I did, you never was disappointed in me, You always made me feel loved. I Love You now and forever.
To Tyra and family my deepest  condolences my heart hurts for your loss. May you find peace in memories and joy in passing on those memories to the little ones with a smile in your heart. Xoxo
“To know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived. This is to have succeeded.”-Ralph Waldo Emerson. I will forever be grateful for knowing Milton Johnson. Standing here literally in his shoes I am humbled by the path he set as an example for me. If I am blessed to be half the man, the friend, the father and husband he was I will know I have been a success. The first time I met his beautiful daughter I knew she came from a special and all too rare kind of family. In that instant my life changed in ways both small and large for the better. Milton was always there with a word of encouragement and love for his family. He spoke with me of being a protector of his daughter and how family was always there for us in good times as well as hard times. When my first born son Kelvin Milton arrives he will always know that his grandfather loved him dearly. His granddaughter Kyra will always remember how much joy and laughter her granddad gave to her. Until we meet again I will keep my promise to him.
My condolences in this time of loss go out to the family. What I remember most about Milton aka Dad, was his friendly smile and warm personality; he was never in a bad mood and always smiling. He showed me and his son-in-law what a real man is in how he treated his wife and daughters, something that we never had as kids growing up with a single mom. I am very proud to have known him, although briefly, but his life lessons will continue to live on in his daughters, his grandchildren and those who were fortunate to have met him. May God and his newfound Angel continue to watch over and keep the family.
So sorry for your loss. My condolences to the whole family.  He will be dearly missed.
I’ve been blessed with some of the world’s best uncles. The Robinson men have all been soldiers for family and friends but l choose you as my favorite...Uncle Milton. Your warm smile and gentle nods of approval always made feel so deserving. You were my real life example of what a husband, father and uncle should be. Your last words to me was “it’s okay...” . Not surprising since you’ve been saying that to me since the first day Aunt Almer introduced  you to her little nappy-headed nieces from the projects of Chicago. My thoughts of you will always be frozen in time... deep within my heart! I’m okay because because it’s okay. Love you!
Many blessings to the Johnson family in this time of loss. Although, I didn't know Mr. Johnson personally I know he created three beautiful flowers, their names are Trina, Tracey and Tyra! His three crowns that will carry on his legacy and light in this world. In meeting his daughters I know something for sure about Mr. Johnson is that he did and amazing job raising three well accomplished, educated and independent women and for that alone I know. God has to say, well done my good and faith full servant!
Remembering he was always friendly with kids when they were guess at there home, maybe bring out a toy for them to play with. I'm glad he had a granbaby to spoil. He would gril like most man but he was one of the first man I seen wash dishes. I only have fun memory of being a guest at there home and he was part of that he will be deeply missed love always Cheryl.
Pat and I offer our sincerest condolences to the Johnson family. I am so glad to have known Milton. Early in our Law Enforcement careers we worked together as Police Officers at MPD District 5. Just before our careers ended we worked together as Detectives at The Vice Control Division. It was always pleasure to work with Milton because of his kind disposition towards his co-workers and the public. Additionally, Milton was a very classy guy. RIP, Milton Morris &amp; Pat Merriweather Lithonia, GA
I am sharing in your sadness as you have created beautiful memories of Mr. Johnson. May God bless and comfort your heart and give you peace that comes from the memories of love that will last forever. My thoughts and prayers are with you all.
Thank you for being present. Rest well Uncle "M".
My condolences to the Johnson family.   May you receive comfort and peace during this time of grief.  RIP Mr. Johnson.
There are very few people we meet that leave a lasting positive impression on our life. Milton is one of those few. He was not only my cousin - he was a friend and I will miss him greatly.
Wow, what can really be mentioned about a friend parent. I am so grateful to have known Mr. Johnson. He was always so welcoming each time I visited. He made everyone feel like they were no stranger. I truly enjoyed his laughter and his smiles. I witness his daughters and his wife many times enjoying his lively energy. I will miss that energy and I'm sure his spirit will continue through his legacy... The Johnson's of Wisconsin. May his joyful spirit keep everyone with smiles to come.
I always had a good time laughing when Trina's parents came around.  It's one thing to have a dear friend in college that you spend alot of time with,  but its not until you meet their parents and family that you really get to know them and understand them completely.  The Johnson's were always so kind to me. Instantly, felt like I knew your parents and sisters forever! Your dad had a wonderful and quick sense of humor.  That was my first observation.  I imagined him to be this serious and stoic "cop" type. NOT AT ALL! Daddy liked to dance,  laugh &amp; turn uo....just like my front, Trina (aka Big Sister Beautiful One). That's a name I have no problem calling her, because she is. Inside &amp; out. One of my dearest and closest friends ever.  Her parents raised on HECK OF A DAME. I admire so much about her and know exactly where she gets it from. Lastly, I want to sincerely THANK YOU for being a grandparent to my son when my mom passed 1 month after he was born. Your cards, your gifts, your pictures and calls touched me in a precious way. You'll never know how much I appreciated your kindness and thoughtfulness.  May the good Lord continue to cover you with favor and comfort in these tender days of reflection.  I love you. I'll miss you. You were a remarkable man who deserves accolades and praise. Thank the Lord for Daddies like you.
Fun memories from district # 5. My sincere condolences for the family for their loss. R.I.P. Milton.
UNCLE THANKS FOR YOUR HOSPITALITY ON MY LAST VISIT ABOUT A MONTH AGO. YOU GOT OUT OF BED TO WATCH WISCONSIN FOOTBALL WITH ME. SLEEP WELL, WE'LL VISIT AGAIN ON THE OTHER SIDE. BENJAMIN A ROYSTER SR.
Our sincere condolences to the family. Gone-but-not-forgotten! We will always remember him as a loving and gentle man. God bless you and call if you need us. Sincerely,   Larry and Anna Jones Henderson  7758 S. Wolcott Chicago Illinois 12/07/18
Missing you. Thanks for 53 years.
Annie Bananny you will be missed.  I have some good memories with you. Rest in Heaven Anne.  My condolences to the family.
Junior was the best of the best he never meet a stranger no matter what was wrong he would always help you out.He was a wonderful brother,husband,father pawpaw and friend.Thank you Lord for allowing us to have him in our life.Gone but will never forgotten.
Reading your mum’s biography of you brings so much sadness to my heart. I wish I had known you more while in ISI but you, Rex, Ade and I think Pinda were always together as the untouchables. Always full of fun and daring. Now from the tributes which have come pouring with love, I see the other side of you. My heart goes out to your son, Peter, who is a replica of you, your siblings especially your twin Jiggs who would surely feel lost without you and most of all your mum. Which parent wants to see their child go before them? No word can ever describe the nightmare they must all the experiencing. I pray the Good Lord will sustain them and provide them with the faith and strength they will need during this trying period and after. May they not depart from the Lord but instead get even closer and reassured that you will all see again.  Sleep well Rex.  You are now at peace in a His Arms
Our  family  always  remember  Rex as so full of fun and mischief  We would spend  Christmas in Ibadan  and it was the highpoint  of their holiday  Time moved on and our children   grew up  and moved  on Everybody  scattered  all over the world  but from time to time ourchildren  would ask me " do you still see  the twins?  "  They would drop by from time to time and Rex would ask me Aunty  Funke " how are  you doing how are you really  doing "  We will all miss  you our darling Rex
I always saw Rex as a gentle soul. Rex always had a sparkle about him and a ready smile leading to a hearty laugh. Those were our fun and memorable days in ISI, we had a lot of good times and laughs. Even as a popular ‘bad’ boy with his quick wit, festiveness and his wiley smile, he was always kind and reasonable because deep down he cared. The last time I saw Rex was in Miami years ago. Rex still had a big heart, adventurous spirit and a curious open mind. Rest in perfect blissful peace with a hint of rascality
Rex when I think of you the first thing that comes to mind is your kind caring soul and the fun-loving mischievous twinkle in your eyes. It is hard to imagine you are no longer here with us. The last time I saw you was at Pinda's wedding in Chicago and then in Jamaica. I remember you and Jiggs working hard on building the farm there and also meeting your lovely son, Peter.You were charismatic and determined and aspired to live your very best life. You are truly going to be missed brother. Rest in perfect peace. Kemi
Waoh, shocking to say the least.  There were always three of you, even in Chicago there were three of you. Can't wrap my head around it, but God knows best. May the good Lord grant you eternal rest brother, may you take the smile and joy you always carried with you over there. God bless and comfort the family you leave behind, the friends and all those who loved you will miss you. Always a force of nature, you will remain in the hearts of those who had the privilege to know you. Fare thee well, God bless your journey brother Rex.
Memories abound of Rex in in class, at parties, in school - he was ever so full of life! Following the set up of a Whatsapp group to reconnect with our old classmates sometime ago, I thought we would be welcoming and celebrating long lost friends not reminiscing about the life of one of our own. May the Lord grant him eternal peace and rest and comfort the entire family. Segi Olawoyin
Brother,my family and I believe whole heartedly that you are in a better place
*My heart goes out to dearest Auntie Peju and the whole family*  Rex, may your gentle spirit be granted rest and peace in God's eternal realm. Amber Coker
Thank God for your life.You were my senior and well known among us all.I pray that the Lord of Host will preserve and comfort all the family including your I.S.I family. May we all finish well in Jesus name.
Gone too soon but will forever live in the hearts of those you came in contact with. Rest in peace
RIP Rex, too young, too soon.
He was slow to speak, always calm and most definitely collected. Wise beyond his years and if you listened to his thought provoking words carefully, he always left you with something to remember......he will never be forgotten..........bless up... On behalf of the Taylor family  ~Ibadan
Our paths only crossed once but you made me laugh hard that evening, many years ago in Chicago. AJ loved you like kilode and talked so much about you that I actually started to feel that I did infact know you. Reading through the tributes, it is heart wrenching to see how greatly missed you will be. Rest in peace Rex.
....Those were fun days in Ibadan,living the life "to our fullest"...,I.S.I,with students/ friends from all over the world,.....Then some would stand out,Rex, Jiggs &amp; pinda were that sort,..... "double(triple) jeopardy".....was an honour,knowing and having fun with y,all(IITA crew,usual suspects)and all other accomplices,.... ..Then many,many years later,we ran into each other at the palms mall, oniru lagos...was really great to "connect"/ see you again,looking good!!...God knows best bro,rest well, and Godspeed!!..
I remember with fond childhood memories when my siblings and I along with our parents rode in our green caravan to I.I.T.A every other weekend(courtesy of your vibrant mum) for picnics,to the club house to swim and have that smooth ice-cream but first to our ever warm Aunty Peju's house to visit the family. There was something that stood out about your family,you were real, close, with your individual identity and space. You had each other's back. Daring, vivacious and bold brothers with a beautiful and confident sister brought up under sheer love and acceptance. On behalf of the JEMIBEWONS, we commiserate with the entire family on the passing of Rex and pray that the good Lord continues to hold the family together as well as surround Peter, your son with greater love-amen!
Rex, Rest in Peace. You will be fondly remembered and  missed by all of us.
Family, Loved Ones And Old Friends Here Gather To Reminisce, So To The Ever Alive Soul Of Comrade Conrad Rex Taiwo Oyebode Johnson Of A Someborthy, I Pen My Whole Mouth Wide  Heartfelt Open Tribute As I shared with you in the days before you transitioned, I shall ever celebrate the life that you lived, honored to have co-created countless experiences and Indelible memories with the juxtaposition of a peaceable you and your  pugnacious twin allowing for the manifestation of  dream or fabu-like fables  Like remember when we...................awwwwe shoot, I can't write about that here Or when we.........................hiaaaaaaannnn, perhaps not.... yup, not about that either Hmmmmmmmmmm........ We have dodged early expiration for decades, from our days pushing the Consuls downhill, to motorcross rally style IITA back dirt-road lake-plunging racing with indomitable Amaechi in his paneled contraption, exploits with the Crazy Yellow IjomahRoadCelica Fellow to our cross continent escapades with maidens, to our athletic prowess and agreements, to that special night of police koboko and baton lashes in Lagos to escaping at least a thousand deaths during crayfish Lower Wacker hallucinogenic fuelled twin Katana motor biking and other born troway waka matters in Chicago to our record breaking high speed Houston run - and Lake Pontchartrain kassalla - to eighteen-wheeling off the bridge with a 50,000lb payload, Orchid and other DaddysFarm Planting(s) to landscape working in Nigeria and innumerable other good and more gooder instances that wise counsel would say bordered on insanity, it is now crystal clear that the hand and protective shield of the Spirit Light That Grants The Universe It's Being had been upon us the whole time - and has now ordained that your soul return from whence it came, irrespective of your means or mode of departure   That Jiggs was able to communicate your impending journey to Our Maker, Ogbeni Commish MI5 helped hold the fort down as only he could, Fair Lady GeeFajee rend'ed pint and pinafore and I from only God-knows-where was able to reach out to a posse sight unseen from thirty five or more years ago - all except the ever obstreperous Liberty Road Rat, MarylandMarbleMan and recalcitrant Agodi, now Kenya-based Pulpitter - who were thrilled and managed to send you on time uplifting word, plus Baba 'Sijo who cleared his schedule to pay you a visit - that was our way of bombarding you with a sense of how much you were and always will be loved  Sisters and brothers who touched his dying heart with your communication, thank you thank you thank you once again   Added to undoubted loving support from family, it was apparently soo overwhelming that you shared with Jiggs how thankful you were to realize that you have lived a life filled with so much love, ready but perhaps not eager for your spirit to ascend and return at a later time Since your departure, many more have expressed their will to yet add feathers to your hat and double portions of praise go out to #RingRoadKolizzo and #AuntieJenifaTheOyinboDudu for being unimaginably gracious reliably solid foundations of love, compassion and generosity Up yonder, I am assured that you have been found by the growing legion of our other dearly departed, all your relatives, have been integrated in their petitioning on Peter, Jiggs, Seun also all our behalf and pray that you enjoy the beginnings of an eternity of restful peace in paradise until some more of us join you in about thirty, forty to forty five years......perhaps longer if I ever get to ride my Unicorn  Until then, we shall ever be filled with nothing but good memories, the recollection of your smile, kindness, bubble gum breath'd charisma and non-sabi-dancing self, thankful that your handsome spawn is even more of an integrity-filled immaculate young lad than you could have wished for and knowing that your love and legacy shall continue through him Anointings of capacity shall be granted upon all who are  crestfallen by this bereavement - as they draw strength from heart-warming memories and uncountable edge-of-your-seat stories elevating your souls schwagg even higher It is well in Heaven, yes indeed  So shall it ever be with us who remain on earth  Gathering a tsunami of more soul lifting good tidings from #SoleFlowers loun loun Hawaii to Houston, Oak Park to Osogbo and all points in between - and on behalf of all who are yet to (bicos hand dey pain them)  and shall hereafter send their love -  Namaste and Goodnight My Dear #AnotherMrJohnson Ovva Brother Until Our Spirits Are One Day Re-United In An Afterlife Of Eternal Paradise  I Haff Said Mi'Yown Shalom My Soul Sibling, And Again I Hail.....Shalom
My big brother I will certainly miss you.  I have many fond memories of you in Jamaica, you were such a fun-loving  and caring person.  There was never a dull moment with you, always excited, energetic and passionate about life.  Your high spirits have now taken you to a higher resting place.  Love and miss you dearly.  From Michie Poo
King Rex It is difficult for me to think about you and have the thought that I will never see you again in physical form in this life time. I am scared as I don't know where you are.  Your presence however, is here with me and has been since the day I was born and will always be with me. I am present to your leadership and your love. You are without question My King. I am clear that what you want for me and everyone else is to have love present in our lives and to love doing whatever we are doing. Just like you did working on your farms and gardens till your last days this time around. In your passing I am left with all there is is Love.....you are Love and have left us in the presence of the great times we've had and are having even in these times of seemingly unwanted circumstances.  Your passing has me even more connected with the inquiry of what happens after death. Thank you for leading the conversation. Clearly you have been my trailblazer, my guiding light and continue to shine the light for me. You continue to be the leader you are and the King you are. I acknowledge your greatness. You continue to challenge me to grow in Body Mind &amp; Spirit. In your passing my connection to the spiritual world has expanded. i am left inspired to be true to who I am and what I am doing as I think of you and i'm present to the pure love you are. My love for people and our planet has expanded in your presence and in thinking of you. Thank you for being that kind of person who wants better for others and our planet. Thank you for being on this life's journey with me. Thank you for being my inspiration. Your LittleBig Brother
I have such fond memories of the time Frank and I spent with Rex while visiting Jamaica. He had such a kindred spirit and beautiful soul. I felt like I'd known him for years. He took such great care to serve as our official tour guide ensuring that we enjoyed all that Jamaica had to offer. He had such a great sense of humor sharing funny stories about his life and the lessons he'd learned during his journey.  I could not have asked for a better brother in law. Some people come into our lives, leave footprints on our hearts, and we are never the same. Rex is one of them.  My thoughts and prayers are with you.
My Brother is the greatest Big Brother anyone could ask for. He saved my tail on many occasions and never withheld knowledge. As life progresses I see the positive influence he was on me. He stood upright as warrior, always full of Love and Respect.  My memory of him is the superfit workaholic striving for a better world. He set a great example that I strive towards daily.  One Love Bro  You already know.
EXT: MORNING - ASSEMBLY All the students are sitting on the stairs opposite the music room to listen to the morning inspirational address before we go for classes (or not). The speaker is done and then Oga collects the microphone.. (Cannon) CANNON ILUYOMADE: Will the following people see me in my office after assembly... Rex Johnson , ... , ... , ... (Won't name the usual suspects THEY know themselves)...  That was how it was... we were a band of brothers. Rex... very cool.. very calm... very nice. Not seen him since leaving I.S.I but the bond remained... God grant us the wisdom to continue in friendship and love, even when life throws us a curve ball.  TO THOSE THAT KNOW... LA LA LA LA WEN TEW... THESE THINGS SHALL BE....
Cousin Rex, always looking at life from the positive side, never a dull moment when you are there. Will miss your fun loving , generous and envigoring nature. Rest in peace cuz.
Rex you were a good friend and a brother. From the 1st day we met those long years ago we bonded and even the long years we did not get to see, we made up for the lost time when we hooked up again. You will surely be missed by all. Rest in peace till we meet again my dear friend and brother.
Cousin Rex, . Your loving jovial persona  is unforgettable. May God comfort us all. Wish we had more time. Sleep well Cuz.
No no not you we all said being shocked and surprised that your journey ended in your prime. Sleep well Rex you worked hard. Rest till your next time around.      Walk good.
Gone too soon, but will never be forgotten. You will continue to live in hearts and minds of us that had the opportunity to have known you. May your gentle soul continue to RIP.
Rex... dearest Rex. I don’t even know where to begin. The news broke my heart. I shall always remember you very fondly. The happy go lucky chap that you always were. I pray God gives The entire family the much needed strength to bear this painful loss. God rest your soul bro.  Forever in our hearts.  ❤️
I still remember the first werk in ISI that I met Rex. Confounded with the difficulty of recognising him and Jiggs, he simply said ...'I'm stronger and better looking'! I also remember him rolling up up his sleeves, as the uniform looked better!! Anecdotes aside, he was always in good spirits, a man of few words, had his friends back and one whose actions spoke volumes. Rex , its hard to believe you have departed to a place of rest, but I'm sure your spirit will live on in your son Peter.
It's always hard to express one's self at times like this....especially when you have such fond memories of a person. Rex was a friend from childhood. We got up to so much growing up in Ibadan in those days. I will always cherish those memories my brother. Rest in peace till we meet again.
So painful and sad to hear of your departure.  You lived boldly and you will be truly missed. You created many wonderful memories for so many people and you will continue to live on in our hearts through those memories.  Sleep on soldier.
The last time I spoke to Rex was on his birthday as I had called to wish him well. I could never forget how much of a reasonable fella you were - even sometimes fought my corner back in the day! In spite of the ever so crazy daring side of you (I still don't know of anyone who topped the driving stunts you performed with Jiggs), there was also the calmness in you that I will always remember. A sportsman, your speed in 100m and 200m  helped Benue House in ISI get a looking in (you definitely shook Nazi).  We pray for the continuing comfort of Jehovah upon Peter (your fabulous son), the ever so kind Trixie, Jiggs who was with you till the last moment, Pinda and your dear parents. Rest in perfect peace my good bro!
Our dear Rex, it’s hard reading those words about you.. “ gone to be with the Lord”...  but God knows best. I am glad I saw you a month or so before you passed away. You came armed with love fresh organic veggies from your farm.. that was typical because you were thoughtful and kind. You were proud of the work you had started doing...      alas you had to go! May your dear,dear soul Rest in the bossom of our Lord Jesus Christ.
I love the photos Peter. Your father loved you very much. Rex was always very kind to me, and would help me as only a brother in law could, helping me pack, taking care of his nephews, making sure I had what I needed. He will be greatly missed.
Rex I can't believe you are gone, the hardest thing is to wake up and know that I can't call you. You will be greatly missed by your parents and siblings. It's very tough and words can't express how I feel. I Love you but God know's best. May your soul RIP, I know God has you in his palm and you are creating beautiful spaces in heaven like you did on earth. xx
Rex was a good man!  I am assured that he's in a good place.  He's run his race.  It's down to us that are left to continue running ours.  We have the opportunity to make amends, if necessary.  May his gentle soul rest in perfect peace and may God almighty grant him eternal rest.  Amen!
Happy Birthday Rob still missing you everyday it is hard to believe you would be 53 years old I often wonder what your life would be like had you lived Happy Birthday and Merry Christmas Love and miss you Mom
My heart will be forever broken jen
Happy Birthday Mom. I love you I wish you were with me.
The day you left it broke my heart in two. They say time heals all wounds and eases the pain. You have been gone six years now and the pain feels like it was yesterday. There is not a day that goes by that I don't think of you and stop to call you. I still have your physical belongings with me, unfortunately I don't have you. The thing that I need the most. What gets me by is knowing your in a better place with no pain. I love you!!!
My sweetheart You left with out saying goodbye. I will never forget you and I will love ❤️ you forever
Nine precious days...such a short life time. Seven long years...such a long time missing you. Longing every day to see you, to hold you, to feel you. Yet knowing - even in your absence - you touch your Sissy's life...you influence her...you color her world. With shades of rainbows and unicorns and music... and sometimes with crystal clear cold tears. Gramma loves you tiny Rock Star... Amelia Zeda...Mia...Beautiful Baby Girl...
Precious Amelia - miss what you could have been...as your own person and as your sissy's twin. Love you always Baby Girl :)
My younger brother, Tony.... He and I were like twins growing up.  I gave him his first scar; we were around 6 for him and 8 for me.  We always watched the ski boats on the lake and we wanted to ski.  So we found an old ski rope, I offered to be the boat and he held on to that rope so tight!!  I started running all around the yard, full of leaves, running in circles, him flying around on that rope....on his bottom!!!  He skied sitting down.  Well, his screams and laughter turned to screams of pain!!  I finally realized he was not having fun anymore.  I stopped, the back of his shorts were spotted with blood.  Our Mama came out and saw that her baby boy was hurt.......and as the story goes....he had a huge rock embedded in his buttocks!!  His first scar
Daddy not a day goes by that I don't think of you.i always look for signs to show me your close by.its hard not having you here, I know your ok tho. Please don't ever stop showing me that your still with me. I LOVE YOU DADDY.love RHONDA
I love you and miss you so much, Dad!
Your always on my mind and in my heart.I LOVE YOU DADDY!
Thank you Daddy for being the loving, decent ,respectful Father that you was.I"LL ALWAYS BE PROUD OF YOU AND THE LOVE YOU SHOWED me. I love you , LOVE YOUR DAUGHTER RHONDA.
I am so very sorry for your loss. Our Creator purposed for us to live forever, so having to cope with the death of a loved one feels very unnatural. Soon, we will be able to experience the truthfulness of Gods promise "And the last enemy, death, is to be brought to nothing" (1 Corinthians 15:26). What better hope than to know that God will very soon bring an end to death and all the pain we face (Revelation 21:4). My sincere condolences to all who knew and loved Winnie.
Happy First Birthday in Heaven love and miss you Elisa
Tears are God's   gift to us,  our  Holy water,  that heals us as  the Tears flow. If Tears could build a Stairway , your Loving  sister, Elisa  would walk right  up  to Heaven and bring you back.    RIP,  Winnie. "For God so love the world, that he gave his only  begotten Son that who so ever believe in him should not perish but have everlasting life. " John 3:16
I was Blessed to have Winnie as my VERY first best friend when I was younger, in High School we joined the rifle squad and other clubs Together. We used to practice in my backyard throwing those rifles at each other. That’s who she was, kind - gentle- and tough. I was Blessed by her friendship during the worst times of my youth. Life got busy and I regret not re-connecting with her. I am thankful I got to see her wedding pics and to see that as she grew, so did her beauty. To her family and friends I am so very sorry for your loss. So very VERY SORRY.......
orrected name Jean Crawford jcrawford@njcu.edu
To Elisa  and  to the Family Our Prayers and thoughts are with you and your Family,  not only during this difficult time,  but always.    " Don't think of her  (Winnie)  as gone away, just think of her, as Resting in a better place.  Always think of her  (keeping the  memories alive)  Think of her, as living in the Hearts of those she touched... For nothing loved,  is ever lost, and she was loved so much." E. Brenneman As always,    "For everything there is a Season, and a time for every matter under Heaven:    A time to be born, and a time to Die,  etc. "  Ecclesiastes 3:1-8 A Prayer for the Grieving:  God is Good  all the time,  You are God,  you know  what we don't know, your ways are not our ways, but your thoughts and plans are higher.  God I am asking for you to hold those who are grieving,  especially Lisa (Elisa one of my closest friends  close to your heart today, please love all of them in a way they have never known, let them feel  your  amazing love, may your love be more than enough during this time. And  Lord please wipe their tears, let them know they are never truly alone, and  when everything in this world is lost,  Your love remains, today forever, and always.     "May this Family be Blessed and Continue to be a Blessings to others"
I was not fortunate to meet you in person, however I did meet your absolutley funny sister Elisa. What a joy to be around! She has kept me abreast of your condition since her and I first met. You have been in my prayers and thoughts since then. Your loved ones family and friends send deep felt sympathies and prayers as you transition painfree, loved and gracefully cared for walking in favor. Winnie you are adored sweet sis.  Sincerely  your other sister ''across the big pond'' in Paris, France.
So sorry to hear of the passing of a fellow sister named "Winifred" or "Winnie".  I was adding a tribute to my late husbands memorial, and a feeling told me to glance through other tributes... low and behold I see my sister from another mother.  I am #3 of 12 children and I have a soft spot in my heart for any woman named "Winifred" or "Winnie".  May you Rest In Paradise!  Lovingly, "Winnie"
Always loved and never forgotten.
I’ll never forget staying with grandma when I was a little girl and grandpa asked me if I wanted to go pick up a cat. In my naive mind, I thought we were going to go pick up a nice fluffy cat. I cant deny that I got my love of animals from my grandpa. We piled into the car and drove about two blocks from the house. He pulled over and hopped out of the truck. I was confused. Certainly there weren’t any cats here. He walked in front of the truck and picked up a deceased cat off the center line of the country road and hurled it into the bushes. He dusted off his hands and got back in the truck and we drove back home. I have many memories of my grandpa, but this one is my favorite.
So many memories but there are a few that I try to hold dearest. I remember always wanting to go for a ride with him. More so in his Bronco when he took the top off. One summer day he finally said yes and away we went. I vividly remember the smell of old spice, cigar smoke, and double mint gum. The peddlers post (might be the wrong name) was playing on the AM radio at one point and I wanted to listen to country music because that was all he would allow. We went through the drive through at KFC and then drove towards Grabill (for no particular reason). There was nothing spectacular about this day. It was what country songs were made of, chillin on a dirt road, swerving like we’re George Jones, smoke rollin out the window, cold beer in the console.... I just remember how good it felt to be by his side in that moment.
I will always remember meeting Bud and Laura at the Spencerville Eat 'N Haus even before I met Jade. He could always make you laugh and the waitresses would save all the chicken bones on chicken night for him to take back to the dogs. He loved his dogs and they loved him. Even after Kathleen informed me the "dog whisperer" kept bacon in his pocket.
Jackie I sure do miss you.You were one of a kind.. You could always make me smile..I will never forget you. You left a son that can carry on for you..Love and miss you..You left "BLUE EYES CRYING IN THE RAIN: Love, Katherine L.Marlow{KAT}
I will love u forever and ever amen. Rip my darling.
Sam. U was my husband ,u was my life ,u suffered way to long I loved u 27 years ago and I'll love u after I die. U was my world  u was my all. This is my tribute to the man I loved and still love to this day. U will be gone 1 year this month the 29th and i miss u more and more everyday they say it gets easier but I really don't believe that I love u and I miss.  May u rest ...until we meet again. I love u baby
How I'm feeling today!!! Missing you so much!!! Love you always your sis!!!!
Cousin, I'm still in disbelief.  This still feels like a bad dream. I still catch myself emailing you every morning.  I will miss you forever.
Missing you today, wish i could just get that phone call or good morning text one more time.  Love you sis forever gone too soon!!!
When it never gets easier, u just learn to cope been up since 2:47. I miss you brother, auntie n lil lil cuz.  When we all truly look alike. Just up wishing for things that could never come true♡ Yall are never missed because its like you never left to me. Im still holding on
Love you auntie Yvette I know you and uncle bug and ballie and kyrie all watching the family and keeping us protected. I know you guys will be at every game and birthday. I love so much and I'm so glad that i had the honor of being your nephew, love Daniel.
Hey honey its Lulu, there is nothing in life that could have prepared us for this day. I am so glad to have known you, loved you, shared birthdays and so much more. What can you say about an angel but I love you YVETTE you will always be in my heart. You and that grandbaby rest in the Kingdom.
Cousin Yvette you were the kindest, loving, and gentle person that I have ever encountered. I will forever be greatful for our daily texts and our talks. I admired your strength and your beauty.  You encouraged me when you didn’t even know . I love you forever, and I will cherish your memory .  I wish I could see that smile  and hearing you say I love you little cuzz.❤️❤️❤️
My best friend, my sis. Vett this got to be the hardest out of my 44 years. My heart aches right now. I love you and always will. Thank God for our millions of pictures and videos we've made now i know why we did them.
I pray that you and your grandson are in the kingdom of heaven. You were angels here on Earth. Such a beautiful human being it was a pleasure to have crossed paths with you. I can still here your voice in my head
I remember meeting you at Second Chance Home. Then you became the morning worker. We clicked and talked about many things. We stayed in touch after leaving that job. I will never forget the funny stories you told me, and the prank phone calls you would make. My head and heart is still trying to deal with this news, as you were excited on leaving Buffalo for better opportunity. I don't know the lesson I am supposed to learn in your sudden departure. However, I am glad that we crossed paths. Until we meet again Vette Vette...
Didn’t sleep much at all last night. I have continued to replay our last conversation over and over in my head. You are truly missed Yvette by everyone. I am praying that God wraps his arms around your Son’s in an attempt to ease some of their pain. Hug Ball for us all and take care of Kyrie all of you will forever be in our hearts. Gone to soon
Wow...I just heard. I moved to Atlanta in 1988 but I remember your pretty face and smile like it was yesterday. Gone too soon. Give a big hug to my baby boy. We all will have our day...
I still can't believe your not here, i really don't know how we are going to make it with a broken wing
I'm overwhelmed by the loss of Miss Jhonson may you forever R.I.P. My thoughts and prayers are with her family.
Yvette,  I keep playing this picture in my head of me, you, and Karen sitting on the porch at night singing maybe tomorrow by the Jackson 5.Beautiful innocence. I miss emailing you every morning. This is so hard to comprehend. Kiss Nina, ball n bug. My confidant ride or die
Dear "Vette,Vette", I know where you are and that helps to heal but the lord is gonna have to work on me.  Please enjoy HIS presence and know that you are missed for your actions here on earth.  Tell everyone including the crew (Fuji and  Tiz) hi and if when see my parents give them a hug from me.  Rest eternally.  I'll see you on the other side.
See you when I get there, you and Bug hold it down....I am not responsible for my actions right now ....I need your strength...Hug My baby Ball while your there....Miss you forever
Miss  you Shaniqua love your niece Reese
Tracy will always be in our hearts and minds...loved and missed. Since she departed, there's rarely a day that goes by, that I don't think of her or notice something that reminds me of her.  She wore the most fragrant cologne and perfume, and always complimented me on mine.  As this year comes to an end, I'm certainly reminded of the beautiful way she always decorated her office, from Halloween to Christmas.   Things are not the same, without her; I hope we meet again!
Happy heavenly birthday to my Angel Momma Tracy! We miss you so much, but know that you are with us every day.
The world got a little bit darker today for there was always a twinkle in your eye. The world got a little bit quieter today for there was always a rumble in your laugh. The world got a little bit crueler today for there was always a kindness in your heart. The world got a little bit harder today." ~Anonymous  My heart hurts with such loss. I'm comforted knowing I will see you again. Until then, I know that you will watch over us and we will continue to feel your presence.
Tracy was lower kind and compassionate she carried her happiness with her and shared. If freely. Before she left we hugged, and both said I love you.  I am gratefully for knowing Tracy  these many years.  We will miss you deeply.
Thank you for being a shining light Tracy.  We all so enjoyed your engaging smile and attitude during our recent get-togethers catching up with high school memories and current life events.  Rest In Peace Dear Lady.  ❤️
Tracy, you need to come back!!!   We all are stunned, shocked and incredibly sad.  What crazy stories you told us all!  We loved your fun, loving personality.  Cypress High forever  &lt;3   Like the song says,  "Gone too soon"  Save a place for us in Heaven.   Love you my beautiful friend!!
It was a week ago today that I heard you say in your sweet voice “Have a nice vacation” as you walked away. I never imagined it was goodbye.  I will forever miss you.
Forever with us .....❤️ Kiss kiss my friend, kiss kiss
Tracy came to Braxton in the Fall of 1996, as a Q.A. Clerk, and advanced to the position of Production Supervisor, within a short period of time. She possessed the nature of a "Go Getter", from the inception of her employment with the organization, and that never changed. She had a desire and a willingness to help anyone with anything necessary, and she always put forth her best effort in all that she did.  Tracy was very giving and generous, and unlike many, never forsook an opportunity to express her love. Whenever she sent me an e-mail or text, she closed with, "XOXO", or she would write, "I love you Chris". During times when she had to be away from work, she would call and at the close of our conversation, she would tell me that she loved me, and I reciprocated in like manner.  Her laughter could be heard from one end of the office to the other, and it was quite infectious. Whenever someone reached a milestone of any nature, Tracy was the one to go out and buy a most appropriate card; cake or whatever...she was just that thoughtful. I looked forward to seeing her car in the mornings, because with her being at work, I knew MY day would be filled with compliments: "I like your shoes; that's a cute top...what fragrance are you wearing...it smells so good!" Braxton will not be the same without the presence of Tracy Lyles, but her memory will forever reside in our hearts and minds. May the Lord of Hosts comfort her family and friends, (her non-biological family), as we mourn her passing. May He grant us peace.  "Absent from the body; present with the Lord".
To the Gal that always made me feel like I mattered... Tracy was so good at sharing a giggle!! I will miss her!
you will be miss RIH
This is a tribute to my Mama that has left this world on Aug 16th 2018.
Happy Birthday Wish I could call you.
It's been 2 yrs Jes but feels like a lifetime... You're missed so much every day... I love you
Jesser besser...idk y I refer to u like I did when u were little but I love your little boy nickname....i miss you so much n i wish I could have been more helpful to you when u needed me...im sorry...i do believe you r whole now n not struggling anymore...i also believe you r with us throughout our struggles trying to help how u can from heaven next to God... I miss your beautiful face and your pranks ....kale is a beautiful little boy n we see u in him all the time...nevaeh is just as beautiful just a girl version of you....i love you, love aunt she
Good morning cousion i love you and miss you tons i habe a favor though can u please send some cold air my way because this heat in az is unacceptable lmao love u lots
jessie was such a fun loving guy he touch everyone in a special way . It really broke my heart to lose such a great guy way to soon. He will always be remembered never forgotten  you will keep living n in the hearts of all of us i miss our facebook talks ...miss you
I love u jesse forever and always ill always have all our memories no matter what from michigan memories to new york memories i have lots and i think of them all the time rest in paridise cousion i love u
Good night in heaven tonight jess i miss you more then i could ever imagine missing someone...
Happy Birthday Shane!!  I miss you so very much, I know you are having a wonderful  birthday celebration with Nanny and your Grandpa Lavoie
Shane you were such a beautiful soul, I will miss you so very much... Love you always and forever Mom
I'm struggling so hard to hold up right now! Please know that I love you and I'm begging for your help like never before! I want to be with you, just don't want to leave the same pain you did! Please help me out just this one time brother! PLEASE!
As I lay here in bed at 2:30 AM and can’t sleep. I figured I would write you a little note letting you know I love you, miss you and wish you were here for me to talk to in times like this that I am going through. But I know you are my most beautiful angel above and you have left the most beautiful  miracle here or us. Sweet baby Jackson looks just like your little twin although his hair is changing colors like his daddy. I will try and get some sleep now but I wanted to let you know I love and miss you and until we meet again you are forever in my heart and prayers and all of my thoughts. I love you very much my baby girl
I cannot express how much I miss you. I love you so much my lady bug!!
Miss you Lona Bell!!!  Happy Birthday in Heaven.
WOW!!! 108 today. Miss you so much. I know you're preparing your own cake Love you, Happy Birthday!
Mom ,,,i know you are watching down on use there aint a day that goes buy i wish u was here with me you made life worth living i feel so empty with out you a big part of me died with you i dont under stand how your better off alone me you and jay ray had some good times you were our dance buddy and you watched over us now your gone it feels like a dream i cant wake up from i alway's thought you would be here with me no one can or will take your place i love you mom
Thrs not a day goes by tht I don't think of you and wish you was here with us I know they say ur better off well tht is something  they will just have to prove to me cause how can you be better off by yourself I just dont understand somethings in life and death is one of them i love and miss you side kick more than you  will ever know untill we meet again hope to join u in those streets of gold love you J.Ray
Boots" was one of the most thoughtful and caring human beings I have met.  His second wife, Dodie, was my classmate. After her untimely death, leaving him with a 13 month old son, he allowed me to be Keith’s unofficial “Godmother”, even though I now was living out of state.  After he married Joanie, she also considered me part of the family and “Godmother” to Keith.  Together he and Joanie raised 5 rambunctious children into kind and caring adults and servants to Christ.  I will miss him, his sense of humor, and acceptance of all people.  Hugs to all his children and Joanie.  I wish peace to them and his other friends and family. ....  "Oz"
he story begins in cleveland when i met "boots" as the sergeant of arms in the brothers motorcycle club. he had two boys rip and keith and a wonderful godly mother mattie.  we were married in 1973 and had great times on runs with the club. he was respected by all with his 16 in muscles!  Ken was born in 1975 and after a job offer in colorado decided to move to gods country.  rest of the story.......to come
I met Bob at the church in Woodlandpark.when his youngest daughter was just a few months old.  We had some great camping/hiking experiences with his whole family...We even went white water rafting with the youth group once, and loved it so much that we went back to the start and did it again......Bob..you wil be missed, but I know that we will see you again.  Until then my friend...love to you and family
Bob came into my life in 1998.  I had just given my life to Christ and when he walked into my office I found out he had been a pastor.  He was the first man I prayed with one on one.  Our friendship grew and I look forward to seeing him glorified in Christ.  My favorite time with Bob was when we took a trip in my RV down to the Great Sand Dunes.  We enjoyed a long hike along with my dog.  Later that night we ate steak and lobster.  Love you Bob!
I've known Bob for close to 40 years,starting when we lived in Woodland Park. He has always been a good friend, electrician, dad, and brother in the Lord. Bob, Tim, and I have been meeting for breakfast once a week, for the past 25 years and Bob always had a smile on his face, and quick with a laugh. WE will miss him dearly, but I know angels are rejoicing for he is in the presence of the Lord. See you down the road old friend. Tom
I am going to miss Bob and "GETTING BOBED" at our monthly poker game  He had the knack of getting what he needed on the last card, the "River" card in Texas Hold'em.  He did it so often we called it "Getting Bobed". He was always a pleasure to visit with and always had a smile on his face.  I will miss him greatly, R.I.P. my friend.   Ed   Not sure why this says from Tim Craig...maybe the link he sent out is in his name....My Thoughts and Prayers are with Bob's Family...
Our dad was good at pretty much everything he wanted to be - he would just go out and do what was needed to make it happen. From Karate to Cars, Boxing, Camping,  fixing Air Conditioners to playing Pool and Boxing. Dad lived an amazing life and we miss him here on Earth even as he rejoices in heaven.
I've known Bob for almost 40 years, he was a member of my church in Woodland Park where he &amp; his family were very much involved, we've hunted together, once took a week long horse back trip into the Flattop wilderness mountain range in Colorado where we did some high mountain lake fishing, and enjoyed the camping out experience. For the last 20 years we have gotten together at least once every 6-8 weeks for lunch, and had been together for lunch on Thursday the 29 of March, where I invited him to church where I attend for the Easter Service, then we went to lunch following church, then I heard the news on Tuesday he had fallen over dead while on the job on Monday the previous day...It is always a shock when someone you know closely is gone, but we had good fellowship and always talked about two things when together, first, the Lord and secondly, politics, and I will miss him....a friend in the Lord....Carl Henson
Will miss Bob's big smile and firm hand shake, was a joy meeting him and getting to know him while playing poker, prayers and blessing to his family
Happiness to a good friend and buddy. Going to miss you every Thursday morning, and our monthly poker games.  You were blessed to have such a wonderful family. Save a big table up there for all of us.
I miss you so much Mama!!! I love you, think of you, and miss you everyday!!!!
Well today is your birthday and your not here with us this year to celabrate it. You are celebrating it in heaven. We all miss you so much and still trying to understand why God called you home but who are we to question that.  I'm sure the party you were thrown up there was better than anything any of us could have done down here. You have people there with you that neither of us have seen in years like my mama and daddy your parents Bgood,Greg Dickson,Ronnie Woodham,and many more. I'm sure the band your playing with tonight sounds a whole lot better than the one down here. I hope your day was grand and oneday we will all be together again and what a celebration that will be.  So for now Happy Birthday to you my ex husband best friend Emily and Krista's daddy, Tommy's best friend, and Alice, Brycen, and Karcens pawpaw Mph thought. You might like to know your going to be a pawpaw again to Jaycen James. Hope your day was assume.  We love you Milton play me something pretty.
Its hard to believe your gone. You are missed more than you know by me Tommy and especially your girls and grandchildren. I know your playing with the angels now.
Just thinking about you this morning. Your memory continues to live on through your children and your grandchildren.
Dad, We laid your body to rest 03/30/2018 at Arkansas Memorial Gardens; not too far from your home. I remember our visit to your father's grave back 2008. I remembered the sadness on your face, but I had no clue of the depth of sadness you were feeling until I had to visit your grave. I don't know how I can get use to this new "normal" of not being able to see your face or hear your voice. I am trying not to think selfishly and have my faith be a constant reminder that your soul is resting and in a better place. Life for you has continued on the other side. I love you.
My Dad By Ebony Jaiteh: I knew this day would come Just can’t believe we’re here right now. You taught me to be strong. And prepared me in ways you may’ve never known. Just know, I am proud of you. Living your freedom the way you did.  You always encouraged me, To follow my dreams and to be free.  There’s no doubt your fatherly love is true. In this life you did what you could do.  You did your duty as a dad, Taught me life lessons that no-one else could ever have.
To the family of Mr. Johnson especially his daughter Ebony C my heart goes out to you in your time of sorrow. As you grieve, know that I will be remembering you and honoring the memory of Edward Johnson. Mr. Johnson you were a very humorous and smart man may your memories live on through your children, family and friends. I will always cherish the knowledge, wisdom and understanding you passed down in your words "to us young buck". Rest in Peace
May Allah have mercy on your soul. Dad, this hurts more than I imagined. I cannot believe that you are so far away from me right now. I will always love you. We will meet again.
I can't believe you're gone. :o( Now I got all this stuff to do lol... Dad I love you.
Ezrah was a good guy, he ended his life for many reasons, but most of all because of a girl. He was a brother, a best friend, a son. His remains will be spreader along his mothers grave back in her home town in Sacramento California. We love you
ROGER WAS A VERY GOOD FRIEND, I WORK WITH ROGER AT THE VETERAN HOME IN RETSIL WA. HE WAS A GREAT FRIEND, RIP ROGER
Ardith was a co-worker and the mother of one of my life's loves.  We worked together on a daily basis and she added humor and hard work to the business.  Our customers loved her.  I miss playing pinochle with Fred, Debbie and Ardith and the dinners at the Johnson house.  And I also miss playing pool with Fred.  Some day I am hoping I will see Fred and Ardith in the afterlife.   RIP
Hi grandma, It is hard to believe it has been a year since you passed.  Not a day goes by where I don't think about you and all of the good times we shared.  I know you are in heaven with grandpa and your other loved ones.  World's best grandma, I love you bunches. Love,  Daysha
Dearest Debbie and family, im saddened to hear of your lovely mothers passing. Ardith was such a lovely lady, she was one the most beautiful mothers a daughter could have.  Debbie and I were friends all through our school years untill she left. I have not seen you for years n years. May you find peace in the Lords strength to guide you in the coming days. My mother gives her condolences to you and your also.
Ardith and I met nearly 20 years ago when Debbie and I started dating. She always spoke her mind so  you knew where she stood. We enjoyed many evenings playing Pinochle with Ardith and Fred. We have restarted the tradition with Daysha and Ashly. So much fun! I will miss Ardith and the lively, interesting conversations that we had. Your Loving Son-In-Law, Rick
Mom, I know you are with your Mother now. To lose your Mom at the tender age of 10 years old was a lifelong heartache for you. You overcame adversity and went on to marry, have two children, and provide a wonderful home with no training  from a mother. I'm so proud of you for that. Thank you for all you did to raise me and your amazing work ethic to help provide for the family. I will love you always. ❤Debbie P. S. I wrote some funny stories about what you had to endure with me.
I love you so much, grandma.  While I miss you terribly, I know you are at peace with grandpa, your mom and other loved ones.  I am happy I got to spend those final days with you and hold your hand as you entered heaven.  Thank you for always being there for me, you are truly the world's best grandma.  I love you, and I know I will see you again someday.
We were truly saddened to hear of mr Johnson’s passing.   He was truly a wonderful man who always greeted you with a big smile and hug he had a way of making you feel very special.  We will miss him dearly. Our heartfelt sympathies to mrs Johnson, Denise and Karen.  You know we love you guys very much.  Sherry and Eric
I was so sorry to hear of Dick 's death.  He was a wonderful man ..he always had a big smile, and knew how to make you feel special and appreciated..  He was always just FUN to be around... Prayers of comfort and a big hug being sent to Jane and the family from Dave and I.
My heart is very heavy.So sad to hear about Dick passing away. He was always someone that I looked up to with the upmost respect. I had many good times and happy memories with all of you. I'm so grateful to have known him. He has touched so many lives in a special way. Cherish all those Wonderful Memories.... They are the Greatest Gifts from God... and you will carry them in your Heart Forever..... You are all in my Thoughts and Prayers.... Love you all.... God Bless &lt;3 Elaine &amp; Mike McGlinchey
There are so many times I just look at your picture and wish I could just hear and talk to you.  Dad what do I do. . I can feel it if it's not what I should do. I go sit at your side and can feel you there telling me what I need to know. I am so sorry for not being there like I should have been. But I can't change why I wasn't. Except you are always in my mind. I love you and one day hope to see you
She was a wonderful person! Kind,  loving, giving, always willing to help others n an awesome aunt!!!! She was my best friend!!! I wish I I had could have one more hour with her n just let her know how much I love n miss her❣
I miss u mom ..its been 1 yrs since u have been gone. I miss u more now than ever
Mom.. Its been 6 months since u left us.  I think I'm losing my mind . please be with me .. And watch over all of us. I miss u mom. Love,  Amanda Aug.2018
Mom.. Its been 6 months since u left us.  I think I'm losing my mind . please be with me .. And watch over all of us. I miss u mom. Love,  Amanda Aug.2018
IM GOING INTO  THE ARMY MOM..SO I HOPE U R WATCHING OUT FOR ME.
I love and miss u so much mama judy.. cant believe ur gone but ur in a better place... thank u again for everything u ever done for me and everyone else... u will always hold a special place in my heart.. I'm so glad I got to see me accomplish the reason I left cville... PRAYERS FOR THE FAMILY.. I LOVE YALL...
I love u mom
Mrs. Judy you were loved by so many. And you will be dearly missed.  Fly high with the angels..  love you ..Gone but will never be forgotten.
Today is your birthday, your 29th birthday.  I miss you so much that words could never explain it.  I am so proud to be the one you chose for you Mom, I am proud of the little boy you were &amp; the man you became.  I will forever love you &amp; miss you more than you will ever know.  I bought you a birthday cake, we are going to have a slice &amp; celebrate your day, love you Bud! Why...... Ever since you went away The days go slowly by, And the hardest thing to cope with Is never knowing why.... That I don't understand And maybe never will, Questions left unanswered Now your voice is still. To lose you was unbearable And time and time again, I've tried to look for reasons That no one can explain. Life and death hold mysteries But one thing is for sure, I loved you then, I love you now And will forevermore.........
We now have a missing link to the chain we call family, which can only be mended with time and prayer. Thanks so much everyone for your thoughtfulness and your kind words.."Big Will" will for ever be missed. The Johnson Family
My prayers goes out to the Burns Family. Sand was a very sweet and loving person. I can say that Im glad that i had her as my friend. May you R.I.P
My love I’m so blessed to of been your daughter and friend miss you so much, truly our rock. You was our  loving Angel here on earth and now in heaven. Miss and love you so much
It’s been a year and it feels like yesterday you departed this Earth but your memories will live forever. Love Zay Zion and Nikki❤️
Tamika Joy (Aka CHARLENE).... I love you friend! You and the girls are the true meaning of an Army Family! When we met, it was like we were best friends already! You are truly missed. I continuously laugh at our happy times to keep from crying about your absence. Little things remind me of our (you me and Shakeita) fun times! From Ditching work (lol), our 12 milers or the first and ONLY time we tried the 3-day military diet (you said I’m about to starve, let’s go to subway). Anyway, just know that i will keep in touch with the girls, I know you’re so proud of them! I love you!  Veronica aka CHRISTINE!
Tamika you will Truly be Missed. "It's so Hard to say Goodbye but by Faith I know we will see you again"  Rest in Peace
Rest In Peace , you were like the daughter I never had but also a joy and comfort to me my family when we needed it.. I will always remember your kindness and your beautiful smile. I will always remember how we were so happy to know that we both were from the same state and our conversations about missing home and Gumbo and seafood. I am glad we had the chance to meet.You will be greatly missed. I Will Always Love and Remember You Tamika
Rest in peace friend, we know you are in a better place and one day we shall meet again♡
When the heart grieves over what is lost, the spirit rejoices over what it has left." We love you all.
My friend, my friend. You can now get your rest. You will be missed but never forgotten. Love you.
You will always and forever be in my heart!
TO MY DEAR FRIEND OF MANY YEARS. YOU WILL BE MISS ON THIS EARTHLY PLACE. I ENJOYED THE MEMORIES THAT WE BOTH SHARED. YOU FOUGHT A LONG BATTLE. GOD DECIDED IT WAS TIME TO CALL YOU HOME. YOU WILL BE TRULY MISS. THE LAUGHTERS, THE GOOD TIMES GROWING UP IN THE PROJECTS TOGETHER. YOU ALWAYS HAD A JOKE TO TELL TO KEEP ALL OF US LAUGHING. YOU WILL BE MISS MY FRIEND. FAREWELL AND SEE YOU ON THE OTHER SIDE. YOUR FRIEND FOR LIFE AND DEATH.
Joanie , Nita , and Karen As you all know, Darryl was a dear friend of mines. He will truly be missed at St John Baptist Church. We had lots of fun times in school and out. Its my prayer, that God gives you the strength to carry on, and always keep your brother in your memories.
It's my prayer for God to give you all strength to get through this most difficult time. Keeping you all lifted up in prayers. Susie and I.
To Joanie, Karen, and Nita. Y'all are in my prayers and have my most sincere condolences. Darryl always kept me laughing and I will miss him. I take comfort in knowing that he is no longer in pain and is amongst the angels in heaven. I love y'all Drea
Joanie &amp; Nita,  I am sorry for your loss.  It is comforting as well as reassuring what is mentioned @ Acts 24:15
I miss u so much it hasn't gotten easier I'm so lost without u love always an forevef
I love you sweet girl today is your 18th birthday and I miss you so much I wish you were still here I love you so so so so much and I miss you terribly but I want to wish you a happy birthday in Heaven remember what I always tell you stay out of trouble mind your manners love Mom
Love and miss you
My deepest sympathy goes to the Johnson family for your loss, Clifford. Please draw comfort in these words, "the last enemy, death ,is to be brought to nothing". 1Cor.15:26
My sincere condolences to you and family  for the passing of Mr. JOHNSON.  His presence will surely be missed. God's love and blessings o you and your family.
Happy Birthday in Heaven Mrs. Johnson!  You are greatly missed!
I have been around Helen all of my life.  Was once the little boy visiting relatives in MS.,  Helen always had that big old smile that produce smile o all around.  Always made me know I am family.  Helen is part of those visions of Magee, that will always be with me.
What a beautiful tribute to a life well lived. Rhonda, I did not know your Mom personally; but after reading the legacy she left behind gave me a sense of home, love, warmth and her walk with Christ.  God bless the Mitchell &amp; Johnson family!
RIH Mrs. Johnson. I will always remember how supportive you were when I lived in Greensboro and a member of Cedar Grove. Thank you for showing me love. Jennifer Ellis Elgin, IL
What a Wonderful Tribute. May all the memories of Mother Johnson's life "Flow" like a river in your hearts, the community and the church.
Mrs. Helen Johnson, you are truly missed.  I am so glad GOD allowed me to meet you and your family.  You took me in as if I was one of yours.  Your smile and GODLY spirit always brighten up the room when you entered.  I will remember you, Mrs. Helen Johnson, continue "Resting In Peace".  To the family, I apologize, I had to miss the celebration.  Much love!
Mrs. Helen, Thank you for your continued love and encouragement throughout the years.  Your kindness and sweet spirit will forever be missed! With love...Stephanie and Tony Turpin.
Words can’t explain how much I miss this dear sweet woman. Her presence was second to none, she epitomized class and grace. She was the best Godmother anyone could ask for. I remember the car rides, the Sunday dinners, the meaningful phone calls and text conversations.  She always said people come in your life for a season and there are those who will be there to the end. I can say she was there until the end. I miss her infectious laugh and her polite small.  I miss my friend but most of all I miss my MooMoo.
Your beautiful spirit is greatly missed! It was an honor to know you!
Mom, we love you and thank God for who you are to us! You will forever be missed!
Ms. Johnson was a very kind and loving person. I remembered seeing her after so many years of knowing her at  Sharpe Road Baptist Church She was a daycare provider, I was so happy to know that God provided me with her to help take care of my child when I was afraid of taking her time a daycare. RIH Mrs. Johnson
Mama Johnson, I know you are smiling on Us. We Love and Miss You. You would be so very aproud of the Beautiful women that carry your  courage strength and spirit with them and all that they do. I Never realize just how much Wanda looks just like you. I Miss You. Thank You for Always Loving Me and Your Beautiful Welcoming Smile. Loving You Always Paulette
Zaneta  Maynard and Veronica Maynard we love you so much and miss you  Address: 2925 W Florida St Apt C                Greensboro NC , 27407
'I Miss You and I Love you " from Pearline Maynard Address:2609 Sir Walter Rd               Greensboro Nc , 27407
We love you very much and miss you even the more.....Rest in Heaven.......
Blessings for a life well lived. We will forever love and miss you Co-Pastor! Love, The McGirts 4444 Alderny Circle High Point, NC 27265
I am so honored to be apart of great celebration, Mrs. Helen was wonderful woman of God and I am so honored to be here apart of Happy Helen Day. Chrisie  Gray  Address: 3308 Apt Y Rehobeth Church rd                Greensboro Nc , 27406
I love you and miss you very much, rest up above.   -Christiana Webb  128 Caribou Lane, Clayton, NC, 27527
A heart felt thanks for the many wonderful hospitality greetings and love Sis. Helen always gave.  She had a way of making me feel that I was the only one in her view and gave me 100% of her attention.  I look for women like Sis. Helen to add to my life to encourage me that I can always move forward with God in my life. I truly miss her physically but her spirit of presence always warm me. Terry Sims  6711 Gabrielle Pointe  Whitsitt NC 27377
We miss Lady Johnson's style and grace.  She was a true woman of God and I praise God for for her being in our lives.  Her legacy will continue to live on in our hearts.  We Thank God !! From Bishop John D. Evans &amp; Lady Elvira S. Evans
Hey Grandma, I love and miss you so much. You will always be an angel to me and a ray of sunshine in my heart. Love, Courtney "CoCo" Helen Mitchell
To a very special woman of God that was a intricate part of my life. I will forever cherish the wonderful memories, love, and support that she shared with me and my family.  With love, The Perkins Family
An amazing woman who is greatly missed. So much love and gratefulness we shared. You are missed, The McMillians
My prayers are with the family. We love you! Robert and Kim Lunsford
May God continue to bless you all.  Love you Rhonda... Crystal Turner 10333 Old Carolina Drive Charlotte, NC 28214
Her light will forever shine bright in the lives of all who had the pleasure of being in her presence. #sweetsoul. Love the Deans
We miss Mrs. Johnson's presence, she was an angel on Earth and love her so much. Ted, Margaret and Ursula Williams 4 Planters Court Greensboro, NC  27455
I really miss you Mrs. Johnson. Rest in Paradise!!   Timothy Minter 8516 Redding Glen Avenue Charlotte, NC 28216
To the Johnson Family, friends and relatives: What beautiful celebration of life for Mrs. Johnson. She was such a beautiful spirit and understandably so, to have met the beautiful family and love ones she was surrounded by. My continued prayers to you all for peace and comfort during this holiday season. Sincerely Lorraine Edwards 7921 Philadelphia Court Apt 109 Charlotte, NC 28216
Momma Emma I know by now you have gotten use to things up there and probably doing what you do best,that is laughing and cutting up. So enjoy yourself in the Lord. Love you and miss you greatly.
I love you mama miss you so mich!!
We had the blessing of Cortney and our daughter being great friends throughout high school and in our ward. We watched as Cortney met Patrick and talked about him with excitement and hopes for the future. We loved watching their courtship and marriage. We have loved having them back in our ward for a short time too.  We will always remember how much Patrick loves Cortney and how he convinced her to marry him. She was scared but knew she loved him. He treated her with respect and love. He treasured her and his sweet little ones. He was a great example of a father and a husband. He will be missed so very much but know that he is watching over his little family. He knew how to love life and all that it offered and keep the balance of the gospel and his family all together. He used his hands to create things and build more than just things. He built friendships and taught by example.  He put his love into everything that he did. We love you Cortney....
Patrick Johnson....honestly, what can one say about someone so genuine and talented as you?  There are not really words to sum up the magnitude of your life.  I believe that your time on this earth was finished, and though young in this world, you are an old friend to our Father in Heaven that needed you elsewhere for work there.  You will be missed more than you know, and I am literally thankful just to have been able to say you were a friend of mine.  I will forever cherish memories I have of watching you pull back flips on a wakeboard, hanging out with other friends, or admiring your beautifully crafted projects.  I have often been envious of your vast repertoire of gifts and talents.  You could do it all!  But aside from that, you also had the ability to touch every person you came in contact with because of your infectious and bright smile.  Everyone loves you, as do I.  Thank you for the memories, thank you for the friendship, and thank you for listening to me at times when I needed an ear to hear me.  It was a pleasure to work with you in two different capacities with two different companies, but the true blessing is that you and I were, are, and always will be friends.  I know where you are today, and my prayer is that someday I will make it there too and reunite, hug, and laugh together once again.
Raschel, Auntie is sorry about the photo i just don't know how to do this. anyways i wanyou to know that i think about you all the time you are missed so bad, God took you to soon,i hope your with grandma and grandpa and everyone else that we have lots. Raschel Rest in peace. until we see each other i love you and i just wish i talked to you more...love you alway and forever.... Auntie Sharon
My friend. We always had laughs together. But when I saw this, there was no more laughter. Only tears. Lots of tears. You will be forever missed v
Our heartfelt condolences, love and prayers to the Johnson family.
R.I.P.
Wayne, you will forever be in my heart. Whenever I saw you, it just made my day to see your smile. You were an amazing friend and I look forward to seeing you again.   I love you, my funny friend. RIP
Another year has passed and memories of my wonderful friend have been more numerous as her birthday approached. Sitting in my apartment and looking around it, I have constant reminders of our time spent together... The first time I went to visit Helen after she moved away from Houston, she was living in Arizona, so she took me to the Grand Canyon.  At one point, I decided to walk down a path toward a mule and its rider that were hiking downward.  She found a seat to watch and wait for my return after warning me that I might regret that.  Once I finally returned (not having caught up with the mule) huffing and puffing and red-faced, she made big fun of me, which she continued at various times during the trip.  This was one of the rare times that I was more adventurous than she....and that was only because she couldn't physically have tried it. On that trip I became fascinated with southwestern art and kokapelli, and we both ended up with pewter kokapelli wind chimes.  Mine hangs in the window behind my kitchen sink still today.   I have a tall kokapelli candle holder she had sent to me that stands near my TV.  There is also a really pretty wooden kokapelli outlined in a teardrop that fits perfectly above my kitchen cabinets.  This one we saw at a shop on our trip through the giant redwoods and went back to retrieve it after she convinced me I wanted it badly enough to afford it.  Many more reminders of our most wonderful adventures surround me, each with their own special stories.  I'm so blessed to to have had all those years and adventures with my very special Helen.
Since I still live in the Houston area and still do some route work, I'm all over the area every week.  This being the case, I come across many places that provoke memories of our times together as working partners at Frito-Lay.  Once she finally had me 'trained' to her satisfaction. we started working things out to where one of us would use one of our several days off to come work with the other and finish up early.  We then would go eat and go shop or get into whatever mischief we could come up with.  Those were the best times of my working life and cherished moments of the beginnings of our friendship. I so wish she was here for me to tell her that my son-in-law is now working for Frito-Lay with a 2-store route, driving his car to the stores, checking in his already delivered orders, putting them up, and writing the next orders. Helen and I were constantly looking for a company who needed people to do this very thing.  We could share a really good laugh over 'our company' now having routes like that! I miss her miss her miss her
Sent on January 9 Happy Birthday, Mom! Had chocolate cake tonight. It was almost as good as your favorite chocolate cake from our lovely cruise. Jeffie, Granddoggie Maddi, and your boy, Raja helped celebrate and sing Happy Birthday to you. Glad to know you are celebrating your Birthday with Charles, Aunt Joann, Michael, Linda, and your Granddoggie Mantra and kitties in Rainbow Heaven. I try to just keep all of our wonderful life memories in the forefront - but I miss you terribly day in and day out. I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! Your Daughter P.S. Two Butterflies landed in the flowers in your Jacquie Lawson Birthday card...
My dear dear friend.    How I miss our times together.  In just a couple of hours or so I would.  be getting an excited call from you after you had opened the birthday box I had sent.  You would already have  devoured a couple of rice krispy treats, happily umwrapped the two jars of salsa, and examined whatever small gift was included.    January 9 was always my focus right.after Christmas.  Throughout the year I'd be on the lookout for the right little something to fit in the box that Must be filled with homemade salsa and sweet treats.  It was always such a joy to prepare these small gifts for your birthday because I knew how much you looked forward to that little box of love.    When we would spend time at home, besides the continued supply of salsa and chips, you would have me make lemon cream cheese pies and pineapple cream cheese salad after experimenting with downhome foods like beef stew or red beans and fried green tomatoes, always accompanied by cornbread.     We had great times, whether cooking at home or rooting out mexican restaurants or burger joints while hunting  waterfalls and lighthouses and beautiful scenery on our trips.  Although there were a few tifs along the way, they only served to strengthen our friendship as we put those behind us.      To Helen, my friend of a lifetime, your space in my life will forever be filled with our special memories.  I miss you every single day, and I love you bunches.
Hi Helen - Well Mom, it's that time of year again, so we are dedicating the day to you.  Pam had your favorite bisquits and gravy for breakfast with a little helping of Maddi and Raja.  Then we are taking you and Michael along with us for a birthday celebration of Mexican food, margaritas and memories. We are all doing well, taking are of business and each other. It's all coming together!  Seeing the Light,,, Love you, Jeff and the gang.
I'm so grateful to have known you and been able to spend time with you. From walking shops and playing with dolls in Arkansas to art museums and hiking the Japanese Gardens, these memories I will always cherish.  I am blessed to have been your Granddaughter. See you on the other side! ♡
You will always be the wind beneath my wings, Mom. We had the best time together on our Alaska cruise, and I will cherish that special time together and the wonderful memories always. I am heartbroken and miss you terribly. You were the best Mom ever and gave me unconditional love. I am so thankful for everything and for all you taught me - especially about love. You were my best friend and my hero, and I miss talking to you daily. Love always and forever and until we meet again over the rainbow,  Your Daughter P.S. Boy, am I grateful we both took the thousands of photo memories over the years...
MOM - HLJ We first met in 1990 at the opening party for the Medical Center in Show Low, Arizona.  Pam and I were just beginning to get to know each other.  Charles had recently passed away.  I remember giving you a kiss on the cheek, the first of many through all these years. I admired your adventurous spirit, the backroad trips to explore what lies beyond.  Now you know. Being close to Nature - living by the lake with your three furry friends. Your skills with arranging flowers showed your connection and appreciation of all living things. Beauty and Love. How Mantra and Maddi loved you.  The warmth of grand-motherly love.  Attributes that Pam inherited from you. You helped me get through the longest years of my life.  I looked forward to our daily pep talks.  We supported each other in so many ways. Your relationship with Pam is beyond words - such a fine expression of   Mother and Daughter interconnected Love.  Best of friends.  Best of humanity. Helen, you concluded this life's journey in grand style with a very successful adventure - crusing to Alaska. Just you and Pam on the high seas watching whales, seeing light sparkling on water, being in each other's company.  Loving Life. Hope you're taking lots of pictures - I hear the Light is Special where you are. Love you, Jeff
Happy heavenly birthday to a wonderful aunt.

Thinking of you missing you on your day you received your angle wings. Love you
23 years today My Gobbie missing you and all the phone calls and the tapes and storys love  and missyou my Gobbie.
You will be forever missed. Happy 97th heavenly birthday.
I love you Mommy and miss you very much.
Love you Deanee! always have and always will! you will forever be in our hearts!
A loving , father, husband and friend who will never be forgotten. An awesome person and we are still missing you.
My brother -in-law, never will be forgotten. I remember the day he came into my sisters life--I was apart of their lives daily. He became my new big brother.  In the late 70's jeri curl  were hot. Johnny wore his dripping curl far beyond the trend. We could not get him to change.  RFLMAO!  Johnny was oh so mellow and humerus.  He was fun to be around. He loved his pool games, he was always full of laughter. He had a giggle to his laughter that I will never forget. Oh so cute.  Never ever did we see him angry or bothered by anything. I remember, when my sister first learned she had to cook everyday, when they married; Johnny would not eat left overs...LOLOLOL. Oh yes! he also knew how to cook I will hold so many funny  and loving memories of my brother.  The funniest moment in our lives involves his 240zx  Nissan.  Terri and I discovered something about Johnny that we can laigh about from here to eternity. LOLOLOL. Johnny Johnson; he is a father, husband, brother, uncle and granddad, and will always be remembered.  Brother you are Gone to Soon!
Forever missed . Aloha
miss u ever n ever
Happy Heavenly Birthday to my son Justin. I love you and miss you. I will always  hold you in my heart. Amanda and Chris love you and miss you. And they said Happy Birthday daddy.
Happy Birthday son you would have been 28 yrs old today. But you are forever 22. We love you so much and miss you deeply. Amanda and Chris said Happy Birthday daddy and they love and miss you. Son you will always be here watching over us and you will always be in our hearts forever.  Just wish that you were still here celebrating your birthday with us. Son I love you and my heart will forever hold you until we meet again.
Miss you each and every day
Mom loves you and misses you Justin wish I could hug you right now.
I love and miss you so much son. You are forever 22. My angel in heaven
Happy to tell you mom I finally got my high school diploma certificate. It may not be accrediated,but it is good enough for all my troubles. I will try tho to get more certification. I hope you are proud of me atleast for trying! Happy Valentines Day! I miss you! :)
I will always love you mom. I am sorry for all the hardship I put you thru. God bless! &lt;3
Sweetest Amy, you were taken from us a year ago today and its still very painful.  We miss you so much and think of you often.  Memories we would of made in the last year are now just thoughts but with alot of love. We will love you forever xxxx
You touched my heart in every way possible my darling. You will forever remain in my heart. And I will always be your Mother. Thank you for blessing me with the most incredible love I will ever know. I'll love and miss you forever, beautiful. Xoxoxo
Dear wee Amy, you blessed our lives for such a short time but in that time you gave us so much.  We miss you so much and youre memory will always be kept alive sweet angel. Grandma Fiona will take care of you forever xxxx Love you xx
Thank you Mom for the courage and compassion you displayed throughout your entire life.
Please accept my sincere condolences for the loss of your dear loved one Mrs Johnson.    May God's Word the Bible bring your family comfort in this difficult time it offers the wonderful hope of seeing her again. (Acts 24:15 and John 5:28,29). At a time when all sickness, suffering and death will be gone forever. (Isaiah 33:24;  Revelations 21:3,4, and Psalms 37:9-11,29.
As I wrote in Aug. 2017, Sandy was a wonderful college classmate who left us much too soon. As a waiter/dishwasher in her sorority house for three years, I saw her often and recall her well.
I'll add another Rocky Bay story.   I do not want to 'snitch' on the sources....uhh...yes I do....it was Ann and Ruth.  We all were having dinner in the village and at some point Sandy went to the ladies room. Only when she was gone did Ann and Ruth tell me the tale of Sandy's reaction to another faux pas by the Kelley family....seems to be a habit with them! They uprooted and took out quite a few trees down by the shore...presumably because of their condition...I'm not sure their reason. Being vaguely responsible folks I doubt their intent was to annoy anybody...least of all Sandy. Well...when Sandy arrived and saw the relatively empty space where the trees had been located, Ann and Ruth said she went down to the area and counted how many had been taken down....each one needlessly in her opinion.  Mom and sis said they could hear her counting as she examined the ground....counting unhappily for sure. I gathered that this was not a one-time activity for Sandy.  She apparently went down several times....did the counting thing several times....each time getting  a higher number....becoming more upset after each visit. This story led to a few laughs at the table for both Ruth and Ann....and me.   Absolutely all of those laughs occurred when Sandy was absent from the table....and upon her return...the topic of conversation abruptly changed....NO mention of trees or their absence due to Mom and sis being aware that their mention might spoil the entrée and the occasion for San. ..
I have been thinking about you this week, dear friend as your birthday drew near. I was remembering your visits to Columbia City when you traveled for PBS.  Visiting with you one on one was always the best way to learn what was going on in your life. As fresman roommates in The Morgue at Hanover and then sorority sisters in ADPi, we shared good times and challenging times. The pranks and good laughs were the best.    I am so glad we kept communicating through the years, and I think about our pledge class reunion at the cabin so often. You were a great pie baking, entertaining hostess. I made Monkey Puke for everyone...
Sandy was a true friend to me and so many others that she encountered. It was easy to see that she was genuine, caring, funny, and thoughtful. We kept in touch via email until not that long ago, and I miss hearing from her.
Sandy was my "Big Sister" in our college sorority 50 years ago and, after graduation, was my roommate in Denver for two years.  We always got along well, though I was often the recipient of her pranks:)  (She did have an impish streak!)  Sandy was "down to earth" and honest.  She didn't seek attention or try to flatter or dissemble.  We had kept our friendship over the years and I was so sad that she was stricken at such an early age by the devastation of Alzheimer's.  I will miss her.
Sandy was a friend, colleague and mentor. As I wrap up a 13 year teaching stint at Colorado Mesa University, I attribute what I knew (and taught) about event management, professionalism, detail and follow-through to Sandy (- and the colleague whom Sandy and I referred affectionately to as "The Lou").  We shared a love of dogs, the mountains and the Adirondacks. Whatever Sandy approached- she did with precision and speed. (This included driving .... Just sayin !)  We will miss Sandy - but generations of students, teachers and television professionals will continue to benefit from her work and her pizazz! Thank you, Sandy!
We know that Sandy had a deep and abiding love for Rocky Bay camp in the Adirondacks all her life.   I recall when the current owners....The Kelley Family....installed stairs from the dock to the cabin...in an effort to give a boost to any visitor of a certain age.   Certainly the original path was rocky and a bit twisty and might reasonably lead to a tumble or two. Their intent was honorable. BUT!   I heard from Ann and Ruth that Sandy was kind of offended by this new-fangled entrance and was determined to keep to the olde tyme way of going up the hill.  So she purposefully and nobly [!] avoided the stairs for a while and went up to the cabin in a circuitous route which was even rockier and riskier than the original path.   Her choice...I suspect....would have drawn cheers from a variety of olde-time Rocky Bay camp souls....including her Dad, Gret and Baba.
Here's to all of the stories told, meals shared, hikes with dogs, sunrises and sunsets in Fairplay over the last 25 + years!  Your neighbors and friends, Jeannine and Donna
My friendship with Sandy began in 1987 when I moved to Denver and joined Pacific Mountain Network, where we were colleagues.  She became a dear and loyal friend, always honest, never pretentious.  She always made me feel glad to be with her.  Truly, she had a heart of gold.  I will miss her very much.
Sandy and I were college classmates. She and I both attended our 40th reunion in 2006 but sadly only I could attend our 50th last year. I can’t seem to come up with the right words to express how I feel except to say how terribly sad it is to lose a friend and a contemporary at an age which is far too soon to be taken. My thoughts go out to you, Ann.
I love you.
Some of my favorite memories are when you and the family stopped in on Halloween while trick or treating. It always amazed me on family gatherings how you would go to the veggie tray instead of the treats. Such a handsome young man, gone too soon.
I wish I could’ve had the chance the time to get to no my nephew as we had always lived States apart. I do have wonderful memories of Jeremy when he was younger. Playing with his cousin Cam’Ron every trip I made to Michigan. My memories are great ones he’s was smart funny very handsome n daring child is what I thought always doing Dari g kid stuff like ridding dirt bikes!! jumping on Trampolines, do other boy things playing basketball. He was such a cute handsome wonderful young child. I did have a chance to bond with him when he was a youngteenager one time when I was visiting Michigan I will never forget that day Jeremy’s time was really to short. I don’t understand rest in peace my nephew always Aunt Donna❤️
Joe Johnson was my dad's biologial father, my grandfather.  He was married to my grandmother Emma Lea Richardson in south Texas in the late 1940s. My dad, Floyd Charles, was born 9/14/49 and my uncle Jerry Dean was born in 1951. There was little communication between our family and the 2 Johnsons [Joe Sr] as their divorce was difficult and I am sure PTSD was not a diagnosis one was given back in the 1940s &amp; 1950s.   I met "Grandpa Joe" [Joe Sr.] one time when I was very small in the 70s, and he gave me silver dollars. I heard a bit about my dad visiting Joe Jr in Sacramento in the 80's or 90's.   Joe and I had emailed each other a few times, sent a few Christmas cards once I had children of my own to brag about. He sent us a copy of his book and a few old family photos with some history of the Johnsons coming over from Wales originally before settling here in San Antonio.   I wrote to him in April of 2015 when my grandmother passed away and he replied quickly to tell me a few more details about their marriage, that they had actually been married twice {?!} I told him that Mrs. Jerkins, his mother, was very kind to my grandmother and she appreciated her welcoming her and the boys to visit in Memphis.   They had obviously not spoken to each other in decades, but I am sure she would have been glad to know we had "cleared the air." I am not sure if Joe's wife is still alive, but offer condolences for her loss.  We would have like to have been notified when he passed, and are sorry we missed the memorials. Please keep us in the loop for any upcoming information.
Today we remember and celebrate the birth date of Uncle Joe. 92 years ago this amazing man was born. He lived an incredible life, and our lives are all richer for having had him in our lives. We look forward to May 30,2018, when we will gather at Arlington National Cemetery for the honor of attending Uncle Joe's burial there.  If you would like a copy of his book, "Baby of Bataan" , please send me an email with your request. stevengraig@yahoo.com
Happy Birthday Joe, I really miss talking to you about Pearce Street and mom playing with your little sister.
To purchase a copy of Joe's book "Baby Of Bataan", go to <a href="https://www.ebay.com/itm/302496630133?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&amp;_trksid=p3984.m1558.l2649" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">https://www.ebay.com/itm/302496630133?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&amp;_trksid=p3984.m1558.l2649</a>
My wife, Michele and I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Johnson on 7 December 2012 during a tribute to World War II veterans sponsored by the Sun City Grand Armed Forces Support Group, where he was the guest speaker. I was immediately interested in hearing his of experiences as a Japanese POW. My uncle, Michael Peraino was a Bataan Death March survivor but never speak of the war. I was hoping to get some insight of his experiences and perhaps learn if he knew my uncle. I was only able to speak with him briefly as there was a very large crowd at the event. That evening I presented Mr. Johnson with a stained glass stepping stone in remembrance of the Baby of Bataan and a note expressing my thanks for his service and sharing his story. The next morning he called thanking me for the stepping stone and asked if he could visit with us. Naturally, we said yes. He arrived shortly afterwards and spent several hours visiting with us. He then presented us with a signed copy of his book, something we will cherish forever. It was the beginning of a friendship that lasted until his passing. We visited each other quite frequently, sharing a meal, stories and each other’s company. Perhaps I am old fashion but after 5 years I still called him Mr. Johnson. It was mentioned by almost everyone that Mr. Johnson could be very open; however, he also had a private side. There were times we would call and if he didn’t feel like talking he simply would not answer the phone. Although we respected his privacy in this matter it gave way to the few times we called him Joe. It was our way to get his attention and let him know we were concerned about him. One time we called without a response only to learn a pilot friend of his flew him to White Sands, New Mexico to visit the Bataan Memorial near there. Thus when we initially were unable to contact him one day in June we simply figured he was not home or didn’t want to talk at that time. A while later Michele insisted I try calling him again. This time I left a message saying if he didn’t call back within 5 minutes I would call the sheriff’s department. In the past this approach worked well but not this time. I then drove to his home and did not receive a response at the door. I then called the sheriff’s department who gained entry to the house and found Mr. Johnson deceased. We were completely devastated. He was such a great friend who will always be remembered fondly for his wit, gracious smile and dear fellowship.
As my husband previously mentioned we met Mr. Johnson, on 7 December 2012 during a tribute to World War II. Since then he has visited our home many times, and we have become good friends. He always provided an interesting view on his experiences and history. We shared many meals and he always had a way to let me know what he would like for a future meal, and naturally pecan pie for desert. Pecan pie was his favorite and not to be confused with “pizza pie.” He told us, as a POW, the main talk was always about food. Naturally, being from the South he craved fried chicken and always wondered what the “Yankees” were talking about whenever they mentioned “pizza pie.” He was completely confused when they described a pizza. In fact, he said he had his first pizza when he was stationed in California. Thus we made sure he always had pecan pie, or pecan ice cream for dessert. He was 91 years old in January 2017 and still sharp as a tack. Once while visiting us he learned I was from France. He told us his 6th grade music teacher was from France and she taught the class the French national anthem, La Marseillaise in English. Mr. Johnson immediately sang the entire anthem without missing a word or note. As he told us several times his mind is both a blessing and a curse. We had very similar backgrounds. We both grew up poor and we were able to relate to each other’s situation, such as going to bed hungry doing daily chores. We believe reading his book, Baby of Bataan, would be an inspiration to all Americans, especially the youth of our country. Read it and you will have a greater appreciation of those who served our country, during that difficult time. As Richard, I too could not bring myself to call him by his first name. My European upbringing simply taught me to respect our elders. I will always think of him fondly and remember the wonderful times we shared together, even the times he didn’t feel like answering my questions or agree with my comments. He would simply give me that infectious smile and act as though he didn’t hear me and quickly change the subject.
Met Joe via Tom Zmugg and boy am I glad. We had him over for dinner a number of times that proved to be so entertaining, enlightening, educational, enjoyable. I wish everyone could have know him. The world is a better place because of him and his lost cannot be replaced. May he Rest In Peace. Dale Greenfield
JOSEPH Q. JOHNSON. ENLISTED US ARMY 1941 @ 14 Y.O.  After BATAAN and CORREGIDOR, POW 1942-45 in COAL MINE in NAGASAKI.  Also served in Korea.  Author of BABY OF BATAAN, MUST READ.  LOVE YOU. I'LL NEVER FORGET We lost a Great Hero from the GREATEST GENERATION, HE GAVE SO MUCH, TO SO MANY, SO OFTEN. I was privileged to know Joe for the past 6 years. When I first heard him speak at the Sun City Grand Armed Forces Support Group, I was impressed with his charisma knowledge, grace and humility. After reading "Baby of Bataan" i wanted to know how this Southern Boy was able to withstand the abuse and deprivation, yet remain such a gentleman. I spent many hours with Joe and each visit left me in awe. So humble, kind and upbeat! I decided I wanted my children and friends to have the gift of knowing Joe.  We filmed an interview for others to see. The man was a living piece of 20th century history. We broke bread many times. Each time we enjoyed each other company and my admiration and love for this man grew. Joe’s life and his ability to survive, adapt, smile and grow is a constant and continuous inspiration. PRO PATRIA Joe you are still with us. Joe you are a gift from God!!!
I "met" Mr. Johnson about 8 years ago as I was researching my uncle's POW history. My uncle was also captured on Corregidor and later forced to work on the horrific Nichols Field work detail, before dying on a Hell Ship in 1944. After reading Mr. Johnson's wonderful book, I contacted him through his website in an effort to find out if had met my uncle. Unfortunately, Joe did not know my uncle. But he patiently answered my many questions about his experience in the Nichols Field work detail.  In addition to being a true hero of World War II, Mr. Johnson is an excellent writer and I recommend his book to anyone.  Rest in Peace, Mr. Johnson.
Oh, how I enjoyed Joe's book, I just feel in love with him. I'm very saddened to hear about his death. Has he written another book about what happened to Felisa? I surely hope so. Please I'd like to hear from whoever happens to read this that knows about another book.
Pleasure to read his book. So sorry he's gone on. Just finished the book l, so good i miss it. Just feel in love with Joe.
Recently, I was watching an episode of "Blue Bloods", and in the episode, a beloved and respected police chief was tragically killed. I won't go into the details of the episode, but towards the end of the episode, the son of the police chief (who was also a policeman), was talking to Tom Selleck's character, Commissioner Frank Reagan. The Commissioner was telling the son how guilty he felt because his father had decided to retire and he had asked him to reconsider and stay on the force. "Your father decided not to retire, but if he had, he would be alive today."  The son replied, "Well, Commissioner, you know what my father would have said? He would have said, "It's not the years in your life that count, it's the life in your years"....Abraham Lincoln. My beloved Uncle Joe passed away last month (on my birthday), and since then, I have been struggling to find an appropriate way to honor and celebrate his memory and life. I know that my words could never do justice to his memory and his life, so all I can do is share my own memories of the man I came to love, respect and admire. "It's not the years in your life that count, but the life in your years."  I can't think of any words that best describes Joseph Q. Johnson's life than these words.  From an early age and even into adulthood, my relationship with him went far beyond just being blood related. Over the years, I have heard many people describing someone as "larger than life", and this phrase fit my Uncle Joe, both figuratively and literally. Even though he didn't play a major role in my "upbringing", Uncle Joe taught me many things. Things that have, in many ways, shaped me into the person I am today. (The jury is still out on whether or not thats a good thing, but that's a story for another time).  Love of country, family, Mexican food, golf, movies, baseball, the importance of a sense of humor are just a few. While growing up in Memphis, I looked forward to many things. Holidays, Birthdays, family gatherings, hitting the links, going to the movies, etc., but the thing I looked forward to the most was when Uncle Joe came to town. For me, it was every holiday and special occasion rolled into one. He always had a big smile on his face and he always treated me and my siblings as if we were his own kids. I was always captivated by his stories, jokes and his infectious laugh. Back then, I didn't even know the meaning of sarcasm and cynicism, but Uncle Joe was a master. He was never cruel with his sarcasm, but he always recognized bullshit when he saw it and it didn't matter who you were. If anyone, and I do mean ANYONE, spewed bullshit, Uncle Joe would call you out with a twinkle in his eye and tongue firmly implanted in cheek. Uncle Joe always made me laugh, even when I was the butt of one of his jokes. And believe me, there were many. Put simply, Uncle Joe was my hero. Sure, I put him high up on a pedestal, and nothing would please me more if I made him smile or laugh at one of my jokes. I could listen to him talk and tell his stories for hours. Growing up, one of the things that always struck me as curious is that whenever Uncle Joe came to town, my Mother would always tell us not to ask him about his experiences in the war. Her reasoning for this was that he would get upset and angry. He didn't like to revisit the horrors he experienced. Being young and naive, I did what was asked because I certainly didn't want Uncle Joe to be mad at me. The irony of this, is, that years later I passed this information to him and his response was classic Uncle Joe. With a roll of the eyes and a big guffaw, he retorted, "Your Mother was full of shit. I didn't mind talking about my experiences at all." I bring this up because growing up, I really wasn't aware of the hardships he experienced. I knew that he served during World War II and that he was a POW, and that was pretty much it. As a dumb, naive kid, I just knew how much I loved and respected him. I looked forward to his visits much like a kid looks forward to Christmas. As the years went by, I learned more and more about his life from my interactions and conversations with him and those close to him. I never really understood the extent of the cruelty and brutality he endured until 2004, when he published his memoir, "Baby of Bataan". One example of his character was that prior to the publication of his memoir, I received an email from him, wanting ideas for the title of his book. My answer was, of course, "Baby of Bataan", and his response was typical Uncle Joe. He said that the general consensus was that it was the perfect title for his book, but in truth, he knew many young men that served in Bataan that deserved that title just as much as he did. In the forward to his memoir, retired Colonel Karl Lowe said it best. "Joe's character, his unsung duty and bravery under fire and his ability to endure the cruelty, brutality and savagery of his captors was his test of true grit. That he emerged with his mind and dignity intact is the essence of what we find in Joe and his generation." In closing, it has always been a humbling experience for me whenever I think about the things I experienced and endured from the age of 14-19. Acne, scraped knees, broken bones, curfews, homework, awkward first kisses, ROTC, school boy crushes, to name just a few. And then, I think back to what Uncle Joe went through at that age and I am reminded that what I went through was nothing in comparison. In my life, I have always tried to honor Uncle Joe and his memory. I named my first born son after him. I talk about him to anyone who would listen. I think about him every time I play a round of golf. Every time I hear a good joke, I think, "Uncle Joe would have liked that joke." I wish I could have witnessed his reaction when candidate Donald Trump said POW's weren't hero's. He liked guys that didn't get captured. Even though he has now gone to the clearing at the end of the path, his spirit and memory will live on in all of the lucky ones who knew and loved him. He will never be forgotten. John R. (Buddy) Graig
Joe Johnson was a humble, thoughtful, compassionate man. He tried very hard to contact families of POWs that he knew who didn’t return home and provide closure for them. In one of the conversations I had with Joe he asked me if Judy and I ever traveled to Maine to look for a town called Hinckley and see if we could find someone that knew the Hinckley family. James Hinckley was a fellow POW and he wanted to provide closure for the family. On one of our RV trips to the NE we wound up in Booth Bay ME for about a week. While there we decided to take a drive and see if we could find Hinckley ME. After locating it on a map we started driving. We passed a Hinckley town limit sign and stopped at the first convenience store we came to. The clerk there didn’t know anyone in the Hinckley family but told us that if we came in from the east on the route we were on we passed a school founded by the Hinckley family. The librarian there was more or less the town historian and she might be able to help us. Back at the library the lady there researched all of her information on the Hinckley family and couldn’t find anything on a James Hinckley. She said it was possible that one of the wayfaring students at the school	may have used the Hinckley name to enlist. She told us that there was a memorial at the top of the hill on the school grounds that listed all of the Hinckley family that died in all wars, and that the visitor’s center at the bottom of the hill may have some additional information. The memorial only listed one WWII POW, a Norman Hinckley. The visitor’s center was able to find a picture of Norman (still no James) in uniform while he was home before leaving for the Pacific. They gave us a copy of the picture and accompanying captions. When Joe received the picture, he exclaimed “That’s the man! Wonder why he called himself James?” Anyway from the information accompanying the picture Joe was able to locate a sister living in WV and provide closure.
Joe’s nephew Steve set up this webpage as a memorial to Joe. Accordingly, I will be adding posts from time to time to help everyone get to know Joe better. This post is about the publishing and sale of Joe’s book “Baby of Bataan”. First an introduction to some people who played a part in this. Ace Godshall. A retired Marine MasterSGT, friend of mine. Dr. Robert Wood. A former Marine, author of a book titled “Good By Viet Nam, and owner of the publishing company OMONOMONY. Gene Adee. A retired military pilot O-6 (Navy or AF), associate of an organization (Voices Take Flight) that recognizes citizens who have made major contributions to their society, and one of the organizers of the annual Memorial Day “Ride to the Wall”. Shortly after my wife Judy and I started Rving we were back in Memphis. I was having a conversation with Ace Godshall about some things I felt were missing for Rvers. It was difficult to find a place to get an oil change and to find a place where you could get your RV washed. He told me about a friend that might be interested in hearing my ideas and perhaps financing them. Ace set up a luncheon where he introduced me to Dr Wood. I asked him how he happened to know Ace. He told me that Ace saved his life in Viet Nam, not once but twice. Ace was a crew chief and door gunner on a Marine helicopter and air lifted Dr. Wood out of danger twice. Immediately my respect for Ace jumped up a couple of notches. Now on to Joe’s book. When Joe finished his book he started looking for a publisher. In the world of writers if you are an unknown no big publishing company has time for you. If you find an unknown publisher to publish your book nobody buys books from unknown publishers. Judy and I contacted many of our friends looking for ideas to help Joe find a publisher. By now we are in the Memphis area again in our RV travels and in another conversation with Ace I told him about Joe and his problem finding a publisher. Ace told me that Dr. Wood had written a book since I met him and had started his own publishing company because he couldn’t find a publisher . After contacting Dr. Wood and Joe I left things up to them. Dr. Wood arranged for Joe to come to Memphi s, Ace picked him up at the airport because by them Judy and I were on the road again in our RV. Joe’s book was published in 2004. Now the problem was getting it sold. I carried a couple of cases of Joe’s books that I sold to friends along the RV trail and I built a website for him. Not much help there. Aside from his publisher the individual who did the most to help Joe with book sales was Gene Adee. Gene nominated Joe for the annual award presented by the association “Voices Take Flight”. Joe was selected as their honoree for that year and the ceremony was widely publicized in the Phoenix area but not so much nationwide. The next thing Gene did was arrange for Joe to travel with their motorcycle group in their annual ride to the wall. This ride started from Ontario CA and there are so many riders they have to split into a northern and southern route. Joe and Gene were to be on the southern route. On the Memorial Day weekend the group had come together just outside of DC after picking up riders along the way and began their final ride to the Viet Nam Wall. The ride was then “Rolling Thunder”. Gene had set things up so that there would be TV and radio stations along the way doing interviews with Joe. Joe’s wife Marilyn did not want Joe to leave her and must have been scared to death of being alone so she checked herself into the hospital the day Joe was supposed to leave so he didn’t make the ride. There is no doubt in my mind that what Gene had set in motion for Joe would have gotten him national recognition which he richly deserved and pushed his book sales over the million mark. In the end Joe’s book sales were down to a few that he sold at the many functions where he was asked to be their guest speaker.
If you read his book or were in attendance at one of the many events he spoke at you know a little about Joe. Not much unless you asked though. He waas a very private person. When WWII ended and Joe finally got home after convalescing in Manila he later reenlisted in the Army Air Corps. In 1947 he wound up in the Air Force when the Air Corps became a separate branch of the military. He finished this enlistment and was back home playing baseball with the home-town team. Joe was a very good athelete and was the star of the game when they beat the USMC Reserve team who had never lost a game. The Marines immediately approached Joe and coaxed him into joining their unit. They told him they never went anywheere  or did much and they wanted him on their ball team. So, Joe joined the Marine Reserves and a month later his unit was sent to Korea where he was being shot at once again. He eventually retired from the Marines. Carl Barber
Judy Barber Joe was our very good friend, like family to us. When I met Joe in the early 70s we became friends and played golf together all around northern California. I didn't find out about him being a POW until later. I have many stories to tell about Joe but this one is about how his book came to be. I was in the Navy and left Joe in the Mountain View CA area when I was transferred to TN for duty. We kept in touch during his moves to the Sacramento area and then to Sun City West AZ. He contacted us and invited us to his mother's 88th birthday party in Memphis. Two years later we met him in Memphis for his mother's funeral. We didn't see him again until 1999 when we stopped in Phoenix in our RV. Joe and I played golf while the girl's shopped. Later we sat in Joe's living room and my wife Judy asked if he had written any more magazine articles about his time as a POW. Joe started quoting one story after another and at that point Judy challenged him to write a book because his story was history that people needed to know. He wrote the book "Baby of Bataan". Getting it published is another chapter for later. Carl Barber
I met Joe electronically through a mutual friend many years ago after he first published Baby. We have exchanged emails for over a decade and how I've treasured his words of wisdom, his life's experiences and his let downs. I saved a few of his emails as they were words I hold very dear to my heart, among them "trust your hopes, not your fears". I will miss Joe immensely.  His passing has left an empty spot in my life that can never be filled. Cheers to Joe J and the "Thirsty First". ❤️
Joseph Quitman Johnson, highly decorated WW II Veteran, POW and Author of the book, Baby of Bataan, died 6-24-17 at the age of 91. Joe was a resident of Sun City West, Arizona, and a strong and active supporter of  the “Sun City Grand Armed Forces Support Group”, which has given over $500,000 to local and national vet causes.   Joe was well known locally and was truly a piece of 20th century history. In addition to multiple military awards, including the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart, he also received the Schow-Donnelly award for heroism and service to country. Joe was born in Ruston, Louisiana, but spent most of his childhood in Memphis. Tennessee.  He ran away from home at the age of 12 by hopping a train in Memphis to find his biological father who lived in San Antonio, Texas. It was there that his father, a well known thoroughbred trainer at Alamo Downs Racetrack, taught his son to groom and exercise horses. Joe and his father moved on to California and trained horses at the famous Santa Anita Racetrack for many Hollywood celebrities, including  George Raft, Barbara Stanwyck, Bing Crosby, Lou Costello and many others. When authorities realized he was not attending school, his father gave him $40 to go back to Memphis to live with his mother and siblings, but instead, he enlisted in the US Army in 1941 at the age of 14. He was assigned to the 31st Infantry Regiment and sent to Manila in the Philippines.  Hours after Pearl Harbor was attacked, Manila was bombed.  War had come to the Philippines.   Joe was with his machine gun squad on the Bataan peninsula until April 9, 1942. He escaped to Corregidor, just avoiding the Death March, when the Bataan garrison was surrendered.  Joe defended the beaches of Corregidor with the Marines until May 6, 1942 when Corregidor fell. This was a key defense position and, in fact, slowed down the Japanese invasion of the South Pacific.    After being marched through Manila as a POW, he was moved from camp to camp.  First, he was taken to Cabanatuan # 1, then to the horrific Nichols Field detail, then to Bilibid.  He was then placed on a succession of Hell Ships.  The first ship, Oryoku Maru, was sunk off the coast of the Philippines.  Next the Enoura Maru and the Brazil Maru were also sunk.  Many did not survive the horrific conditions of the ships, and many lost their lives when American planes and submarines sank the Hell Ships.  Those that did survive, including Joe, had to confront slave labor in Japan.   Surviving brutality, starvation, threatened execution, near fatal injuries and mine cave-ins, Joe’s courage, determination and internal fortitude kept him alive.  He was close enough to Nagasaki to see a curious huge white cloud hovering over the city a day before American planes began dropping food on his camp. The war was over.  Joe’s long journey home began. After nearly four years as a Japanese Prisoner of War, Joe had grown to 6’4” but weighed a mere 110 lbs.  Of the thirty-one men in his recruit platoon who fought in the war, twenty-one had perished, most as prisoners of the Japanese. Joe returned home at the age of 19.  After several months of rehabilitation Joe enlisted in the Army Air Corp, the predecessor of the USAF. When Joe was discharged, he decided to play professional baseball. He was signed by the St. Louis baseball organization, and by all accounts he was a decent pitcher. However, that career ended when he threw his arm out. He began working as an insurance salesman then joined the Marine Corp reserves.  Shortly afterward the Korean War began, and once again Joe was in combat. He described it as his 15 minute tour of Korea, as he was seriously wounded on his first day there, and required several months of intensive recovery. He remained in the USMC, primarily serving as a drill instructor and working on his golf game. He served several more enlistments in the USMC before being medically retired.    He stayed in California for several years where he worked as a USGA official. He often said the pay was lousy but the prestige was priceless. He won the ALL Navy Golf Tournament in 1957. His good friend and golf partner was Jack Christiansen, an NFL Hall of Fame player and later coach of the 49ers and Stanford.    He moved to Arizona approximately 30 years ago, and his career took another turn. He became the sheriff of Coolidge, AZ but after a year or so he decided that was not for him. His final home was in the retirement community of Sun City West, AZ, where once again he worked at one of the local golf courses.    He continued to be a POW advocate and a historian for the 31st Infantry Regiment, and spoke at numerous military bases and public events.     In 2003, he published his memoir in a must read book entitled Baby of Bataan. It is a tremendous account of WW II in the Pacific and a stunning monograph of courage, personal strength, survival and redemption. It is a riveting book and still available on Amazon. <a href="https://www.amazon.com/Baby-Bataan-Memoir-Soldier-World/dp/1590960025/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1499470688&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=baby+of+bataan" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">https://www.amazon.com/Baby-Bataan-Memoir-Soldier-World/dp/1590960025/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1499470688&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=baby+of+bataan</a>   It was an amazing gift to know this man who gave so much, to so many, so often.  One of the Greatest of the Greatest Generation.   This post written by Joseph Johnson's good friends, Tom Zmugg and Richard Shirley
So sorry to hear about the passing of Ray Charles. Sending deepest sympathy from the Winston family. Prayers for the family.
Mama, your birthday is coming up in 2 days, and the in 1 month &amp;1 day your home going anniversary. I miss you more and more everyday, sometimes I feel like I'm suffocating. R.I.P Mama, I love you and miss you just as much. Your daughter Cecilia
Mama, your birthday is coming up in 2 days and I'm missing​ you more and more everyday. 7 years is coming up and I still feel like I'm suffocating at times because you're not here with me. I love you and miss you
Happy birthday Barry miss. You See you later on Love warren and. Sharon
Happy Birthday Barry! You are deeply missed and won't be forgotten.  We can see your smile and hear your laugh in all that we do.  Thanks for keeping an eye on us down here.
Happy Birthday Dad.  We all really miss you and there is a big hole in a lot of us.  Thank you for being the man you were, and continue to be, in our hearts, memories and stories.
Happy Birthday Barry, we miss you!
Proud to have called him Uncle. I won't forget his laugh and smoking his cigar telling tales when our families got together. Most off I will miss our adult talks involving spirituality. I know the loving family man is in good hands.
It has been our privilege to get to know such a fine man as you Barry.  You always brought the fun wherever you were; you were so accepting and welcoming to everyone and had such a calm presence as well.  Dennis will miss his "golfing buddy" and I will miss watching you play with our wonderful grandchildren who adored you. We sure did enjoy being around you and will miss you so much.   You bring a smile whenever we think about you and we feel blessed to have known you.
We have so many good memories of our time together the laughter you gave us we are grateful to have this time with you and our family you were always positive about most things my "SHARE" episode with my girls and the "wad" incident at our lake vacation truly loved these memories you were fun to be around it brightened our days and with the boys the cast iron stoves the truck no one is allowed to buy the birds in the fireplace the bat in your  house while sleeping so many more loved every minute with you and we love you for it . Nothing you did was small but always joyous . Love you always see you in heaven save us family a place beside you
I will miss my uncles laugh, quick witted humor, intelligence, kind heart, loved animals and his family. I remember a time where my sister and i were arguing at the dinner table and my mom with her serious tone said "share!". So Barry took a bunch of food and started giving it to my mom in a frantic manner, it was hilarious!!! My uncle was the king of patience!! I love you Barry and i will miss you...i think about you a lot since you've passed. I will have memories of you that I'll never forget.
We will miss so much about you, Barry:  your incredibly courageous spirit, your generosity, your laugh, and your kindness to everyone, but especially to those who "lived on the margins".  I can't think of many family gatherings that you didn't you didn't brighten up just by being there.  I will never forget playing cards, your curiosity about just about everything, and your willingness to listen.  You were an amazing brother-in-law, and I am so thankful you were part of my life.
Well what can i say.... i have so many memories of you... some good some bad. I will always cherish the times we had together , you meant so much to my little family, more than u will ever know. And i always say this but u were the only man justin ever let me say i love u too and vice versa. Dustin this should not have  happened to you, taken from us way to early. Love you and miss u more than words can explain !!!! And the fight for u will never go away and we will never give up !!! R.I.P. Dustin Allen Johnson
You were the best thing that's ever happened to me. I just can't believe this is real. I can't believe you are gone and can't believe I have to live without you. I don't want to live without you. You were always so special to me. You will forever hold my heart and I will love you until I take my last breath. Thank you for showing me what true love was. Until we meet again baby blue. I love you.
     Dustin Johnson  ( Baby Blue) You were a gift to this world,  To all that were blessed to see you , See that threw ups and downs mistakes and sins,  That a pure soul can still shine threw,  That a star light soul heart and mind will shine threw friendships laughter love and the best gift a bond that can't be broken! You were stolen and robbed from the world,  Never given a chance to continue the path you were destined too explore too experience,  Now you are flying high with God's good grace!! Forgiven and set free from the chains that bind us!!!  Loved by so many,  and will never be forgotten, my friend!!!!  By: Katherine Markidis  5- 24-17  3-6-1982 /  5-23-17 Dustin Johnson  Baby Blue!
Tears will fall  Hearts will hurt forever having imprints of memories  The foot prints you left threw the mind heart and soul will remain precious memories!! You were stolen and robbed of a life  That you where fighting for,  Making so many proud with joy in every inch of there being, The scars you have endured threw this life,  Lead you to so many that seen the beauty you heald within  You were my best friend my brother,  You left me with the best gift of all  Love and memories to be cherished for all eternity!!! Time to fly baby face blue eyes Time to light up heaven above!  6-3-17 Katherine Markidis
I love you so much and miss you more than words can say. You were my first born and for that, I will always be grateful and full of mother-son memories. Hug my Trenton for me...mama boys. Sleep Sweet Love Mom
Dustin, I will forever cherish the memories of you. Many great moments were experienced as I saw a young man loving life as he found his best high while being high on life. You never entered a room without it lighting up from your love and personality alone! Until we meet in heaven, I will hold every cherished memory close to my heart!!!  Love you Dustin, Love Momma Jennie❤️
I love you my boy and i miss you everyday!! Your sexy momma loves you to the end of the world!!
Always on my mind, Forever in my heart &lt;3
My Granny will forever be in my heart and she will forever be missed!
Always in my heart
Granny, I know you're celebrating in Heaven your 98th birthday today,you always use to say you were gonna live to be 100, well you are still living in my heart forever and always!!! Happy Heavenly Birthday!!! Until we meet again I LOVE AND MISS YOU DEARLY...
Happy birthday mom
I miss you so much. Can't believe that you are gone. Miss our talks and visits. Rest in peace. Forever in my heart. I love you Philip Mark Johnson always.
Where does time go...  I miss you and mom and can't believe that its been 2 years... I think of you everyday, you were the greatest dad!  ❤143❤
Dad it's hard to believe February 13th will two years since you went to your heavenly home. Uncle Gerald joined you and mom Chrismas Eve.  We miss him too.  Miss you so much.  Until we meet again.  Love you
Happy 91st birthday Dad!! I miss you everyday...  ❤️
One year ago today mom joined dad in heaven just 7 1/2 weeks after dad passed away.   I can't believe it's been a year already.  Mom and dad had a great life &amp; loved being with family and friends.
I think of dad and mom everyday.   Time has flown by...
I can't believe you have been gone a year already.  It just doesn't seem possible.  Not A day goes by that I don't think of you and mom.  We were lucky to have such wonderful parents.
Merry Christmas and Happy Anniversary!!!! WOW it would be 65 years!  Happy Heavenly 90th birthday Mom on New Years Eve!!! (5 minutes to midnight) I will never forget that. We had so many great Holidays. I know Christmas was mom favorite Holiday.  Love and miss you both.

We Love &amp; miss you dearly. Your Family.
You are always in my heart an on my mind i miss u an love u Grandma...
Chuck you will be greatly missed , you could always bring a smile to everyone around you. Thank you for all them smiles see you soon friend.
Chuck (Grandpa) was my dear friend I will miss him and all of his fantastic stories about his life. He will never be forgotten I love you Grandpa
15 years has passed but I still miss you just like it was yesterday you are the best it's not fair that you are not here to see your children grow up son I love you always love Mom
Oh man where to start, I miss you something fierce. You would be so proud of our kids, they both look just like you. They miss you but I remind them daily on how amaziing daddy u were. Still feels like yesterday to me,  your always in my heart, forever missed an never forgot! I miss you so much n love you. Love Andrea
My heart aches for you every day.. Love mom
I Luv and miss you Dad. I will never forget you, your Luv and teachings. I thank God he made you my Dad. Luv yoou Mr. Johnson
I wish that I could see you to smile and talk with you, To go out for coffe like mums and daughters do. But all I can do right now is look to the heavens above  And blow a kiss  And send it with all my love
Happy birthday Jason, know God is using you in heaven in a big way, you had such a heart for children I think about you all the time you’re truly missed
Happy Birthday Jay! You are missed so much...I pray you are enjoying every moment sitting next to the King....We love you always and forever!!!!!
Happy 30th Birthday my angel...
How can it be 2 years since I’ve felt that bear hug...saw your smile...this hurts more than anything else in the world...some days I just don’t want to go on Send signs baby...I need to know you feel me missing you I love you more than words can explain
Happy Birthday in heaven J! We miss and love you forever and your sweet memories will never ever leave us!!! Rest easy bro!
Today...your 29th birthday I know you'll be forever 27... But today marks the anniversary of one of my fondest memories.... The birth of my 2nd beautiful baby boy Arrived too early Left too early I will grieve you as much as I love you Forever in my heart baby boy Mama Dukes❣
Such a sad day! There's days where we sit back and laugh at the memories we've made with you and then there's days like today where the hurt from missing you feels so new again~ Always missed, always loved. Love you bro!!!!
THIS IS NOT GETTING ANY EASIER...I MISS YOU BABY BOY...I LOVE YOU SOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH XOXOXO
WHERE DID THE 3 MONTHS GO...IT SEEMS LIKE I HAVEN'T SPOKEN TO YOU IN FOREVER...IT SEEMS LIKE WE LOST YOU YESTERDAY...THE PAIN IS REAL; THE HOLE IN MY HEART IS DEEP...I KNOW I WILL NEVER STOP MISSING YOU... I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY BOY XOXOXOX FOREVER IN MY HEART....MAMA DUKES &lt;3
Happy Birthday Jay!!!  Love you and miss you!!
Happy Birthday Baby Boy...saying you are missed doesn't begin to cover the hurt in my heart
Today is your birthday, which is a reminder of the beautiful memories you have left this world with. You have touch and made a difference in so many people's lives, I'm grateful to have been able to watch you grow from the little boy on the field into an amazing writer. You have gifted those that loved you with your amazing writing and words that will never leave us. Our hearts ache every day for your loss and the grief of your family but I know you are watching over every one, smiling down on those who were lucky enough to know and love you. Till we meet again Rest In Peace to a truly beautiful sole
Happy birthday  jason. I know you are an angel and you will be remembered always
Happy first birthday in heaven. Another year older, but it doesn't matter, the spirit is young. Hope you're having fun making the other angels laugh and exchanging jokes with God. We all know God must have a sense of humor... He gave you yours. Love you.
Baby boy...Your dedication to the Lord; makes this Holiday without you even harder...I love and miss you more than words could ever express...you will ALWAYS be in my heart...until we meet again my Angel xoxo
My heart is so heavy...writing is all I have left...I miss you more than words can describe....love you more than I could ever explain My tears could fill an ocean...FOREVER loved FOREVER missed
Laying a flower because in one of the first conversations we had, you randomly asked me, "If you were a flower which one would you be?" And I told you a sunflower. Since then, from special occasions to "just because it's Thursday," In your words, you've given me sunflowers. Never told you, but they're my favorite because no matter how much you shift a sunflower away from the sun, they always find a way to turn back to the light. So thankful that your life and the memories we hold of you are a bright light we can turn to when pain shifts our hearts to grief.  Forever missed. Forever loved.
Today marks a month without you You left on the 23rd...today is the 23rd You left on a Thursday...today is a Thursday The pain is indescribable...I love and miss you soooo much baby boy Please wrap your wings around me so I can remember your hug xoxo
I recall a birthday celebration for one of my kids where the Johnsons were over, which they often were celebrating one occasion or another.  On this particular day, my youngest son wanted me to pierce his ears.  As an add on, Jay asked if I would do his too.  We had a bucket of ice, potatoes and sewing needles lined up in a bathroom with the boys taking their turns getting stabbed.  He spent the night with us that night and I was able to check for infection the next day.  Turned out to be a great night all around.
Jay, my brother, you will be forever missed. Not a day that passes that i don't think about you. I will always remember the laughs we shared and the love that you showed not to just me but my family as well. I love you bro. Til we meet again
3 weeks today and the pain is growing...I miss you so much baby boy...I will love you FOREVER...until we meet again please give me the strength to do this xoxo
Jason you will truly be missed, I've never met such a sweet, gentle, kind and caring young man. You always made time when you were needed you were not a selfish person at all. I will look for you when I get to heaven and give you a big hug, I will always hold a special place in my heart for you&lt;3&lt;3
Such a beautiful soul, friend and brother missed. The memories we have of you and you're awesome personality will be forever in our hearts! There was never a dull moment in company with you, you could guarantee a good laugh..every single time!!! Forever missed, loved and thought of. A forever friend in the hearts of the Angus family:)"
There's a popular theory that God cultivates artists at the age of 27. Jiminy Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison Kurt Cobain and now Jason Johnson. It's a loss that is very real, a pain that is very sharp. He left us with his words, powerful, moving and inpirational. He did not live a full life but he lived his life fully. I will not have a day go by where that void is unnoticed, but his grace and love will remain always.
Not a minute goes by that i don't miss your smile....your hug I love &amp; miss you soooooo much
Happy Birthday in heaven Dad! I miss you and love you so much..
You have been gone 14 years now and i miss you more everyday! Love you so much! - Shirley Johnson
It's been 14 years now, Dad that you went to heaven. I think about you everyday. You were the best dad anyone could have. Love you and miss you so much!
I love you Dad so much and i miss you!  It has been 14 years since God. has taken my Dad home.we think about you everyday.
I miss you daily, especially now...
Hi daddy, I miss u every second of every day, it's like it was just yesterday we were sharing thoughts with each other and telling each other how much love we shared for each other, now I look up to do so hoping to here ur voice answer me....even though I know ur technically "gone" u will never be to us as u servive in are mineds xxxx live u always daddy and miss u dearly ❤️
I will always love and miss you my beautiful baby boy, love mum xx
Hi cuz miss u like crazy hope ur ok up there still feel you about n I'm sure you've helped me these past few weeks n I truly thank u xxx
I miss my brother so much.we were not blood related but we grew up together in the care system and shared our childhood growing up together along with Aaron Shepard.I don't think I will ever have anyone as close as Micheal was to me.he helped me out when I was at my lowest in 2014.he came to live me along with Katie.we shared some good times together and some sad times.his memory will live on thru his children.katie,jasmine,Wesley,Annie.and thru his mum Sharon who is Awsome and such a strong person.mike is now were he should be with his mum right by her side every day.i no he will be saying for gods sake hitler put me down lol. I want to ring your number every day bro but I can't.i miss you more than I even though I would. Love you always miss you forever xxx
Miss u brother, I no we all kind of drifted over the years cos of life moving on but u always was and always will be family to me, love u bruv xx
We wish we could have Darren here with us to celebrate his 40th birthday. Where has the time gone since we last held you tight? It seems to have past in a flash - but the sentiments stay the same.  He was a handsome lad, who was so kind and gentle.He could be funny and witty and could make us laugh so easily. He had many friends and family who loved him dearly. He is remembered by them all, for different reasons.  It is sad he never got to fill his potential. But his memory lives on through all who knew him. Love you Darren or darling son, brother, grandson, nephew and friend. Xxxxxx
Treasured memories of Darren were felt yesterday on the 26th Anniversary of his death. Also remembering that he gave The Gift of Life to 7 People and helped several more. His kind nature and caring attitude shines on. We will never forget him. XXX
Hi Darren, Happy Birthday mate, hope I can call you mate, we do have a very close connection. We met mum and dad last year. They are a beautiful couple. I know we don't really know each other but I love you so much.
Happy Birthday to our darling son Darren, You are always in our thoughts.  Love Mum and Dad xxxxxx
Auntie Eileen will never forget darling Darren he loved coming to America on the big airplane without him there is a huge hole in our hearts he will be there always and forever MUCH LOVED (BEAUTIFUL BLUE EYES)
25 years ago today our lives changed forever.  Our treasured son died suddenly of a brain haemorrhage. It broke our hearts and shattered our lives. The pain is always with us. At every family event we are all aware of the giant chasm he left.  Losing a child is devastating. He was such a beautiful, kind, loving young man his loss was felt deeply by us all. From our close family that loved him dearly, to our friends from near and far.  For some other families their lives changed too. Thanks to the Gift of life we gave 7 people a new, healthy better life. It helped us to know that although he could not live his life was not in vain and his kindness lived on.  Goodnight, God Bless Darren x
If only you were here to give a birthday kiss and hug to.  We hope you know our hearts and thoughts are with you always.  Happy Birthday to Our special boy Darren. Love Mum and Dad xxxxx
Where ever you are little man. Look over Mum and Dad this special day. Thank you again. You will never know what you have done for my family and I.xx
What can I say. Thank you doe's not begin say what we feel..Must be a beautiful family. Thank you Darren.x
I was given the gift of life and still going strong, on this date, forever grateful  peter.mackman@yahoo.com
Darren was a gorgeous boy with a wonderful family. This story is heart breaking but we will all keep the lovely memories.
Light a candle for Darren.
Love you cuz
Hey Unk,   It's me again and you already know the place you hold in my heart and I'll see you when it's my time
My Uncle will Always carry a space in my ❤️ that leaves a wound that won’t heal until we meet again! I love you uncle Pooch  from your first  niece Rell ☝
Love and miss you so much
My A1 since day 1, cuz always kept it real. See you soon
U was my everything I no I didn't see u ever day I made sure I came by to check on u I made sure that when I change my cell phone number u have to new one. U are my everything Daddy R.I.H
I love and miss you so much mom!
Love u mom I miss u more then you will ever know
I am so sorry to hear the passing of Ms. Johnson.  You and the family will be remembered in our prayers.
My Aunt Catherine was a beautiful lady and a loving mother.  Her daughters have been so diligent in the care for their mother for the past several years of failing health.  But when Catherine was working in her home, her church and her community, she was always on top of her game and loved by all the family, friends and the customers she served at Shelliott's in Creedmoor.  She will be so missed on this earth, but she will certainly brighten heaven, and how happy will be her sisters and brothers when she greets them where I'm sure they're waiting for her at the pearly gates.  One more angel gone from our family.  My prayer is that God will reach down and embrace us all with love and comfort during this difficult time!
Miss Catherine" has always been a gracious and loving person who treated me as one of her own.  Thank you for bringing joy to so many lives.  You will be missed by many, but you are now happy and in a better place.
Heaven has definitely gained an angel.  Ms. Johnson was a joy and delight to all who met her.  She was a wonderful Christian woman who loved her family and her church family.  She will be missed by everyone.  Love to each of you.
Becky and Family, I am so sorry for your loss.  My prayer today is that God will give you peace and understanding today and the days ahead.  Hold on to your memories as they will help get you thru the days.  Love and support each other.   Love, Darnelle Averre
My deepest sympathies to the entire family.  My own personal experience with the loss of my mom a few months ago has made me aware of how grief plays out in one's life.  Though the grief may linger, I am praying that you experience peace and find comfort and joy in your memories of the love you shared with Catherine and family.  May you always feel her presence and love.
Becky and family my Deepest Sympathy she was one in a million that always made me feel like one of the family when I was with Florence &amp; Red..Always remember that Words can not take the pain away but our Memories are forever that we can cherish because they will never be taken away from us..Just know that she is walking the streets of gold looking down at all of us....
I remember mom and my self going to the Haltree store in Marshall to buy her a dress, I believe Johns wedding. She looked at several dresses but just did not like them. I found a dress that was a plum color and got her to try it on. She fell in love with it. I found shoes to match but she still needed earrings which I found also. She bought the whole outfit and found out she spent $ 40 dollars on the earrings. We laughed so hard and she said "I have never bought $ 40 dollar earrings, oh well I am today, I deserve it" then we went to Win Schuyler's for lunch. Mom and I laughed often about those earrings. Mom had a wonderful sense of humor. I miss her love, sincere eyes, her support, her smile and laugh. I will always remember our special bond and the love we shared. I love and miss you mom.
Aunt Ginny was my idol. Such a great person. She made all the preparations for my wedding in 1966 which took place here in Jackson as I lived in North Carolina at the time. She never forgot Bud or my birthday and ALWAYS had a smile on her lovely face. I love het like a mother!
I'll never forget the first time I met Gramma. Mike and I were on our first date , we were going to Ann Arbor and said we had to make a quick stop before we left town .  Little did I know we were going to his Grammas. We walk up to the door and I met her and Mike leaves immediately to go to the bathroom [ which was a trick he didn't really have to go to the bathroom]. Gramma and I sat and talked and talked and although I was freaking out she made me feel so welcomed !
A sweet sweet lady!
From the entire staff and management of TRAVIS L.BROWN'S INTEGRITY FUNERAL DIRECTORS...to the family of Apostle Michale Brooks you have our deepest condolences.
There are time when words want help, prayer will,try it
Angela, My thoughts are with you during this time. Though I never met your dad, I have felt that I knew him through the things you would talk about. Love your friend, Tracye
There is so much I could say, so many stories I can share, he was a good person. He was a great person! I will never forget who he was and will cherish my memories of him forever.
You have our deepest sympathy.  We will keep you in our prayers. Doris and Hutman Upshaw
R.I.P.
Missing all the time mom wish you were here with us.love you may you rest in peace
Happy mothers day mom love you
Another year has passed. We miss u sir!
...two years have passed. Just like just like yesterday. Sleep on sir!
Today is exactly one year since you left but it seems like yesterday. Oh, how time flies! Sleep well Sir! Your memory lives on...
Happy birthday sweet angel. Continue to rest in God's peace Rose Monu
I can't believe it's already a year ago that you left us. We know we have a saint in heaven looking out for us all, especially on this feast of All Saints day.  We miss you dearly and will continue to keep our memories of you in our hearts forever. Continue to rest in God's peace. Your sister-in-law, Rose
Dear Martina, Your memory came to my mind this morning without the knowledge that today is the one year anniversary of when you left us. Your bright presence touches everyone you meet. Even though you are gone, you continue to brighten our lives spiritually.  Rest in peace my beautiful sister-in law for it is well. Warm Regards, Helen
My sweet Tee...I miss you and your mom so much.  I have you both tucked away in my heart where you will be until I see you and Jan again.  It was hard to see you go but you rest now with the almighty father who keeps us all.  Missing you.  Auntie Cissie.
Happy birthday Martina, we miss you especially this month of May when we used to celebrate our birthdays and mother's day together. Continue to rest in the Lord.
My dear sweet beautiful niece  I was with you on this day in 1966 when you entered this world and I saw your beautiful face for the first time. I thank God that He let me spend 50 wonderful but later painful  years with you. Seeing you grow into the gentle and beautiful soul of the women that you became filled my heart with so much love for you. Your fight is over and you truly won the battle for I know God is brilliantly smiling that He has you by His side. I know you are at peace now, but you will always be tucked tightly in my heart. Say hey to your cousins that went before. God will look after Joe and Tiff, and I know you will too. My love to you my sweet Tina. You are in your mansion in heaven. RIH. Aunt Shirley
Martina those special memories of you will always bring a smile to my face. You will always be in my heart because in there you're still alive. You will be dearly missed. (RIH) Cousin Tina♡♡
Martina, You were always like a breath of fresh air.  You will be truly missed.   Good friends are hard to find, harder to leave, and impossible to forget. Rest in peace.
God has called you home to rest in his everlasting arms. A rest well deserved for a saint who has fought a good fight and run a good race. We will miss you for a time, keep a light burning for us as we cherish each memory we have been blessed to share. Till we meet again.
To live in the hearts of those we love is not to die." Farewell Aunty Martina
To live in the hearts of those we love is not to die." Farewell Aunty Martina
May her gentle soul rest in perfect peace
Martina, rest in perfect peace.  You will be missed by family and friends especially your daughter and husband.  Irene Uwaeze
Tina just know i will always love you and admire you. Your positive attitude, christian values &amp; generosity have always been an example for which to live by. Your smile has brighten all those who have had the honor of knowing you &amp; being in your presence.  My dear sweet cousin; you light up my life You give me hope to carry on. You light up my days and fill my nights with song. Rest in peace my Sweet T untill we are able to hold hands, &amp; dance, &amp; sing again. I miss and love you immensely! Lisa
Martina,  I will miss your smile and love of life.   You fought hard for more time with your husband and daughter. We will miss you at our mom lunches.
I cannot even find the words to adequately describe my feelings, I am greatly saddened. Martina we are going to miss you, your smile and vibrant spirit. Rest in perfect peace until we meet to part no more. Joe and Tiffani, what words can we say to console you. We pray that God almighty give you and the rest of the family strength, peace and love at this time.
You beautiful smile has warmed the hearts of all the people you met through your journey in life. May your gentle soul rest in perfect peace. Amen.
Martina, Glamorous and graceful  you were and radiated joy to those around you! You fought a good fight and had to go.May God grant you eternal rest Blessed are those who have died in the lord let them rest from their labor,for their good deeds go with them.Eternal rest grant unto them, O Lord.  And let perpetual light shine upon them.  May they rest in peace Amen Joe and Tiff may God grant you the strength to go through these hard times  Anene Okolo
CONDOLENCES from the entire members of Mrs. Justina Onyemenam.  We received with shock the news of the death of our beautiful and very friendly Martina. May grant Joe and all members of her family the fortitude to bear the loss.  Rest in perfect peace. Amen  Mama Odogwu.
Farewell Martina!  We pray that the Almighty God  will give you eternal rest. May you rest in perfect peace. God will continue to bless you. John
Oh, Dear Lord.. what a loss to everyone. She  always showed such love and kindness to all she met and knew. An amazing person ready to support and provide personal time. May God bless her family. She will alwas be remembered..beautiful and devoted to her family, friends and faith.
Lovely Martina,  Such a fantastic mother. My heart and prayers are with you and your family in this very difficult time. Kimberly Pitts-Davis
My dear sweet Tee has been called.  She was the most positive and caring person and she fought for her life with her family like the true Christian warrior that she has always been.  She is with our Father now where peace and joy will envelope her forever.  I have you tucked in my heart sweet Tee and you will remain with me forever.  Rest well my love.. Rest well...Love Your Auntie Cissie
Tina, I know you fought to the very end. You smiled the entire time. Your famous line was "I am going to live my life" and that you did. You're positive attitude and your loving heart will live in all of us. I will be there for your baby should she ever need me. My heart hurts but you are in good hands now...rest now. I love you so much... Auntie Jill.
I've known you my whole life and you've always been a ray of sunshine. God called home one of his Angels although you will be missed, we all know you're watching over your family with your wings. RIH beautiful lady!
Dear sister in law, my day was dampened with sadness when i was informed of your departure;1 Thess 5 V 18 says  we should give thanks in all things, in all circumstances, i thank God for a beautiful life you have lived; rest in the bosom of the lord. Adieu!!!
You are and will continue to be a beautiful example of strength, kindness and joy.   You might be gone from this world, but will continue to live in our hearts.   My only consolation is that your rest in heaven with our lord.   Rest in Peace.
Dearly beloved,         You fought a good fight but God knows the best. Rest in the bossom of the Lord and may he grant you eternal rest and may his light shine on you forever. Rest in perfect peace Amen.
Martina, Its quite painful that you have passed on to the bosom of our Lord where you would not encounter any more pains but will have a blissful life.We thank God for your being part of our family on earth and though we shall miss you dearly but God has taken you to the mansion he has for you. May your gentle Soul rest in perfect peace till we meet again.
Aunty Martina,   You are now with God who loves you more than anyone could imagine.  You are gone but most definitely won't be forgotten.  Rest In Perfect Peace
Martina, You fought a good fight, you kept the faith. I thank God you are enjoying your rewards with Him.  You will be dearly missed.   God bless you until we meet in Heaven. Jude
God looked around His garden And found an empty place. He then looked down upon the earth And saw your tired face. He put His arms around you And lifted you to rest. God's garden must be beautiful He always takes the best. He saw the road was getting rough And the hills were hard to climb, So He closed your weary eyelids And whispered "Peace be thine." It broke our hearts to lose you But you didn't go alone, For part of us went with you The day God called you home." We miss your sweet smile, charming and uplifting attitude and your beautiful face. You will forever remain in our hearts.  Rest in God's peace, my dear, till we meet again. Love always, Rose
Gone but never forgotten happy birthday my guy
Missed and never forgotten, until we meet at those pearly gates, remember, I love you son
Memories of you I will never forget! Rest In paradise homie
p I'm counting  on u flau jae for that number 1 spot
RIP Flauge you are missed
Missed and Never Forgotten
Hey mom i love you
With love to our Mama and angel, Della...
Missing you like crazy daddy! So many things I needed to tell you
I love Pa!
I miss you everyday and I know you are with the heavenly family but I still miss you like crazy! Wish we could do it again
PA I miss you so much, not a day passes that I don't think of you. I miss everything about you, your infectious smile, your quick wit, your love of family and all those things. I know that one day we will reunite and What a time it will be!! I wish I could pick up the phone and hear you say again, Hey Boy!
Rip
Kit, i dont know what happened to u. but u were cool as hell. i enjoyed the times tim and i went to that property u and ur dad lived on. u always made me laugh on way or another."
My dearest uncle kit.. i have so memories and I you will forever be in my heart. The pain u suffered u did not deserve. I love u always and forever will be missed.
Sad that you left to soon kit, you didn't deserve the pain that you suffered, and you will always remain in my heart and thoughts we all miss you dearly.
I know that he is in God's hands. Weeping endurance for a night but joy cometh in the morning. Have you and your family in my prayers.
Gary &amp; Teresa Johnson, words can't express how sorry I am for the Loss of Gary Johnson Jr. Praying that God give you all the strength to move on in life and remember "Jesus said , if we lean on him He won't let us fall, My prayers and thoughts are with the  entire Johnson families thru the loss of a love one that will truly be missed but not forgotten . Luke 23:43  And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, To day shalt thou be with me in Paradise.
Our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.We pray that God will guide you and give you the strength that you need, also give you the comfort you need. Gary Jr. will always be in our hearts, It was a joy knowing him.            Childcare Network (Warner Robins Ga)
Teresa I pray that God gives you strength and a peace that passes all understanding. My heart hurts for you and your family. Gary Jr will always live in the hearts and memories of those who knew and loved him.
Our sincere deepest sympathy for the family, We will continue to pray for God's love to keep you all strong doing this time.  Gary will surely be missed.  We Love You Viola and Family
Pastor and Theresa, words cannot express what I feel for your family. I know that you all know God is our care giver . He is holding you  close and guiding the way.  From my family to yours we will continue to pray for you all.
Mrs. Johnson, my prayers and thoughts are with you and your family.
We pray God's continued strength, peace, and comfort during this very difficult time for you and your family.  Min. Calvin Thomas &amp; Family
Teresa, it truly broke my heart to hear the news.  Praying for you and your family.  Praying that the Holy Spirit gives you all the strength, guidance and consolation that He did with me when I lost my husband.  Prayers and love. Denise
Happy birthday beautiful I miss you and think about you everyday theres not a day that goes by that I don't think about you I feel you here with me your always be tha best thing that has ever happened to me nobody will take ur place I love you beautifull
Ashley  The day u went to be with Jesus there will forever be a empty Place in my heart...I know Jesus is taking very good care of you Our Father is a good God..you are soo Beautiful to me... I remember  Well ur sweet ways and kind heart.then of course ur cute grin I never forget but I do miss...I will see you again..I see the Awesome Beauty U left behind ...I see you everyday...love you my little Dollface that was ur nickname...the prettiest little baby I ever saw..dark black hair &amp; Perfect...just flawless..adore and wanted to just eat u up...
Love and miss my girl
Moma loves u   Ur in my heart daily  there's not a day moma don't think of u &amp; cry 4 u but I'll see u again1 day when it's my time I'm ready to hold u my Angle as long as moma hr happen &amp;2 ur mommy I loves &amp; breath 4 you daily ur the best tey has ever happen 2 ur mommy ur the best daugther I could ask  4 thank u 4 loving me &amp; letting love u
Ashley, you will always be in my Hart and I'll never forget you I didn't wanna go to tha hospital and see you like that but I did and and you were so happy to see me we huged and just stared at each other for seems like forever and went back everyday to be with you and moma tha last time I went I stayed for 8 hours but you were so tired and slept tha whole time but i know you knew i was there I never left me and moma just talked I watched a video on ur Facebook page when moma was given Bella a bath  and that voice and that laugh I love you beautifull!!! And miss you everyday I'm glad we met I still talk to moma but you know that and once again I'll never forget you and I love and you'll always be in my Hart forever I love you beautifull!!!!
Just wanted you to know how much we love and miss you . I know you are watching and know you are tripping on the world changes. You are the greatest father, father n law , grand pop  and great grand pop ever truly miss ya dad only had you for a short time but know that you are proud of your family
Not a day goes by that your not in my thoughts and prayers. You were the rock that held our family together. Life has and will NEVER be the same without you. But now that you are free of pain and suffering help bring a little comfort. Love and miss you more every day still. Looking forward to the day that God will rejoin our heats and souls together as one.
Dear daughter of Mr.Johnson .i hope the words of Acts 24:15 give you hope and peace."There's going to be a resurrection". Very soon Jehovah (that's God's name as  revealed in the bible ) will use his dear son Jesus Christ to awaken all those who have fallen asleep in death.May you keep this guarantee close to your heart.
The Day God Called You Home God looked around his Garden and found an empty place. He then looked down upon his earth and saw your loving face. He put his arms around you and lifted you to rest.  His Garden must be beautiful, he always takes the best. He knew that you were suffering, he knew you were in pain.  And knew that you would never get well on earth again. He saw your path was difficult, he closed you tired eyes,  He whispered to you "Peace be Thine" and gave you wings to fly. When we saw you sleeping so calm and free of pain, We would not wish you back to earth to suffer once again. You've left us precious memories, your love will be our guide,  You live on through your children, you're always by our side. It broke our hearts to lose you, but you did not go alone.  For part of us went with you on the day God called you home
Rip. Sweet baby boy.
Happy Birthday, Grandpa. Missing seeing you in your red fannel jacket.
Today would be the 74th birthday of the man who is and will always be the love of my life.  He was a man of strong faith and character.  He lived with integrity.  I could not have found anyone better to share my life for more than 52 years.  He taught me so much.  He encouraged me at all times.  He listened to me and I could always count on his support.  He loved his boys, his daughter-in-law and his grand children. One of his regrets was that he would not see how their lives would develop.  No matter how busy he was through our life together, he always made time for us.  I read a quote that was written on a headstone in Ireland that I found very true.  It read, "Death leaves a heartache no one can heal; love leaves memories no one can steal." I will always have that heartache.  But there are so many wonderful memories that I will never forget. They live in my heart as does he.
Dear family,  Never forget this wonder man is not gone for he lives inside your heart every day.  We all miss him.
It’s weird to think we’ve hit another year. I miss you everyday and think about you all the time. There’s so many reminders of the life you lived and many of them I find within my passions that you’ve instilled in me.  I’ve started using your camera. I’m taking some beautiful pictures with it and trying to learn all the manual settings. I think you would like what I’ve shot.  Love Always
Reverend Johnson made a tremendous impact in shaping my spiritual journey during my youth.  I will forever be grateful for the dedication of both Jim and Shirley, while serving at Searsport Methodist.  Those were the best years.
We are so saddened by Jim’s passing. We will miss our many discussions with him. No matter what we discussed, we were always left with more insight of the topic than we had before we started our conversation. Jim was truly a man that possessed much knowledge and yet was so humble. Our prayers for God's comfort are with Shirley and her family.  Love, Don &amp; Shirley
Thinking of you, Shirley, and your family at this sad time.  All the wonderful memories gathered through the years are yours to keep forever.  Hugs, Cookie Davies DeWire
A candle was lit by Doug Haydak on August 27, 2016 12:56 PM
Message from Nancy Ann Callender August 22, 2016 5:10 PM Boy did I love Jim Johnson! I'm so sorry to hear of his passing. I wish you all peace in spite of what must be a terrible loss.
I first met Rev. Johnson back in the early eighties.  I became one of his students in his first confirmation class.  Through the years, he and his family became treasured friends to my family.  He always seemed to have a good understanding for people and was always able to make connections no matter who they were.  He was my teacher. He spoke at my high school graduation.  He officiated my wedding.  He came to check on me after I had a car accident.  He was a man of the people, he was an incredible minister and I know he will be missed.
My grandfather passed away several weeks ago now, but every time I try to write this I write it as if it’s a letter I am will send him. However, he can’t receive these kind of letters anymore and that simple fact is hard to understand. Grandpa Johnson was without a doubt one of the most important people in my life and has truly shaped me into the person I am today. He was a man of God and dedicated his life to not only his family, but all those who surrounded him. This wasn’t just shown during his time in education or as a reverend. This was demonstrated in his every day life. I remember going to the grocery store late one night with my grandma and grandpa, we were kind of in a rush so it was an in-and-out kind of deal. My grandpa spotted this young man stacking oranges and decided he was the perfect person to strike up a conversation with. He sat there for 20 minutes (big travel delay) learning about this kid’s life and aspirations, then at the end he gave him some of his invaluable advice and parted ways. This was a common interaction for my grandpa, and some of you reading this may have experienced it yourself. He was continuously trying to teach me new things, from self defense (Karate) on the staircase landing to perspective art techniques at the high-top table. He would challenge me to Sudoku puzzles and make sure I thought I was the smartest kid ever. He was proud of every art project I did and marveled at each of them, even when it just mixing the perfect color for rust. He taught me basic skills for home renovation and put them to the test on his own home. Most importantly, my grandpa cared deeply about my moral and spiritual development. We would sit for hours discussing what I believed in and how I thought things should be, and he would never push his opinions on me. He would offer me guidance, but never to hinder my own path of self-growth. Days before I headed off to report to Beast Barracks at the United States Military Academy, my grandpa sat me down to talk about faith. This time in a much different respect than before. He wanted to make sure I believed in something. He truly felt that if I believed in something, I would never be alone and could always find the strength I would need to make it through any tribulations I may face. Every year, I find his words to be truer. I have so many memories I want to share with everyone, because my only regret now is that I never got to introduce him to everyone in my life. I wish you all could have known him and in the manner I had. I am thankful that so much of him lives on through me and my brothers. I am thankful that my parents made him an integral part of my life because he has been the best mentor and influence I could have ever hoped for. I am thankful I got to video chat with him from Portland, OR while he was at the hospital in Portland, ME because that was our last conversation before he unexpectedly passed away. I will always miss him.
Our loss is heaven's gain. Rev. Johnson was an integral part of my life when I was a young wife and mother. Spiritual guidance at that point in my life was essential!  My prayers go out to Shirley and the whole family as well as gratitude for sharing him with us all those years.
Shirley , Jimmy, Mark, Karen, Jarrid, Eric and Jess So sorry! I will miss Jim. He was so proud of his family and especially his grandchildren. He was a grandfather that was 100% involved in their lives.  May all the memories be a comfort.
We were deeply saddened to hear of Rev Jim's passing.  Our thoughts and prayers extend to the Johnsons and all those touched by Jim.  We only have fond memories of growing up in his presence, and having him officate our wedding and baptisms for our kids.  He will be dearly missed. ~ The Chins of Ipswich
Message from The Panczyk Family August 18, 2016 7:09 PM Dear Mrs. Johnson, We wish to extend to you, and your family, our deepest sympathy on the passing of your husband, the Reverend James Johnson.We recall how energetic Reverend Johnson was in his role as the pastor of our Tappan Reformed Church, and his personal interest in all the members of the congregation. Our children, Matthew and Elizabeth, benefitted greatly from both his attention and his warm-hearted Christian message as did both Fran and I . With love to you.
A candle was lit by Steve &amp; Ginny Chin on August 17, 2016 10:39 PM
A candle was lit by With Love - Mitch, Mary, Calvin &amp; Maddie - we miss you. on August 17, 2016 11:08 PM
A candle was lit by Doug and Carolyn Chin - Sending Love and Prayers on August 18, 2016 12:04 AM
A candle was lit by Marilyn, James, David, Steven, Robyn Leong on August 18, 2016 6:39 AM
A candle was lit by Frank &amp; Marcia Wong on August 18, 2016 9:57 AM
Message from Connie Beltran August 17, 2016 8:26 PM Dear Shirley and Family, My deepest sympathy on the loss of your dearest husband , I share your sorrow and ask God to give you the strength and comfort you need in this vey sad difficult time of your life. With of my love  Connie
Message from Tom Danney, former pastor Reformed Church, Nyack. Clerk of Rockland Westchester Classis August 16, 2016 1:04 PM Shirley and family: I was away for couple weeks and came back to news of Jim. So very saddened; I have nothing but good and fond memories of our connection through the Classis of Rockland Westchester. Sorry we were not able to maintain closer ties in his retirement. He always had something thoughtful and useful to give when we spoke.  I sent out this morning an email letting others in classis know of his death and I shared some of the obit notes on him. The "cowboy at heart" comment will bring smiles to our colleagues. As clerk of the Classis of Rockland Westchester, I will gladly share any news from you about the memorial service. Blessings on you and the family...our prayers of support are with you all.
Message from Rev. John VandenOever August 16, 2016 2:17 PM Shirley and family, I was so saddened to hear of Jim's passing. I have great memories of working alongside him. I think I picked up a great deal from him on how to minister with a tough skin--but one that would let the love flow in and out. God bless and keep you.
Message from Joanne Fernandez August 16, 2016 2:18 PM Such memories of Jim! Shirley, I don't think I ever met you, but I can only imagine what it must have been like to live with and love Jim. Our paths crossed numerous times over all the years with the RCA and what I remember most is that he made me laugh and he made me shake my head......such depth he had but I always had to think about it. Bottom line, he was a character! Your whole family will be in my thoughts and prayers.......we never get over the loss, we get perspective. Blessings.
Message from Elaine Royal August 16, 2016 4:38 PM Deepest sympathies to you and you family, Shirley. So sorry to hear of Jim's passing. You are all in my thoughts and prayers- Elaine Royal
Our deepest condolences to Shirley and Family. May you all be comforted from loving memories of a fine and gentle man who loved his family. He was interested in all people he came in contact with, but his family came first. What a life he led. Be proud of the legacy he left. Love to all...Barbara and David
Message from Jeff Gold August 15, 2016 12:04 PM We were very sorry to hear of Jim's passing. Please extend our sincerest condolences to Jim, Shirley, Mark and the rest of the family. I hope you and the kids are comforted by the fact that you had great relationships with him and that he had a close and loving family.
Message from Lisa Stifelman August 12, 2016 12:00 PM So sorry Karen and Jim. Sending all our love to you and Jimmy's mom and Mark. I have fond memories of visiting their home in Rockland, especially the night before Jimmy joined the air force. Hugs.
It is with a heavy heart that I write.  Our loss is heaven's gain. The TRC family led by Jim (with lots of help from you, Shirley
We are so sorry for your loss.  You are in our thoughts and prayers.  May you feel God's comfort and peace. Kevin &amp; Jana Hart
What a blessing to share ministry with Jim and Shirley at Peace United Methodist Church in Orlando! He asked the good and hard questions, and served God faithfully. Shirley, know that you are in our prayers, and we look forward to your return to your winter home.
Message from Lillian August 8, 2016 10:31 AM I am so very, very sorry for you, Shirley, and the whole family. We had such a good time when you were in Waldoboro--especially "Jimmy" and "Andy". "Andy" is now Andrew and probably "Jimmy" is Jim. As you probably know Ronnie died in January, so I know what you are going through. May God's blessings be with all of you. Love, Lillian Dolloff
A candle was lit by Erica Stackfleth Shankle on August 6, 2016 4:21 PM
Message from Gail Kahl August 10, 2016 7:28 PM My family and I extend our deepest condolences to Shirley and her family. May God comfort you in this time of sorrow and know that Jim will always be with you.
The Stack family was sorry to hear of Him's passing. Please accept our deepest condolences.
I remember Jim from living in Searsport and attending church with my parents, Ed&amp; Jackie Cross.  Shirley and Jim became friends with my folks and when they made the decision to move to Lewiston / Auburn area, I lived with the family in the parsonage for 3 months to finish out my freshman year.  It was an adventure living with two young boys!!!!  Am so sorry for the family's loss
We want to express our sincerely condolences to you and your family. May his soul rest in peace, I firmly believe that God will accept him with open arms for all the good he has done while he was on this earth.
From the moment I first called you "papa", I can't remember a time in my life that you weren't there beside me. I will miss your encouragement, support, guidance, wisdom, and perspective on life. Although it hurts that you are no longer here with us, I know you are out there looking over me. Your words and love are now a part of me. You will always be in my heart. I love you Grandpa.
I remember Reverend Johnson as a calm and encouraging influence for myself and the other players of the Tappan Zee football team  in 1983. Seeing the good reverend on game day somehow always made me feel better. He was indeed the "calm before the storm".  Years later, he selflessly  helped me with a personal issue while I was enlisted in the US Army at Fort Bennington, Georgia. I was always grateful to him for that  guidance.   His assistance  indeed  changed the course of tmy life forever and for that I am forever grateful.  To James and Karen and to the rest of the Johnson family I am very sorry for your loss. Your father was a great and honorable man  and for that you can always be proud. May he rest eternally in God's grace.
Shirley, my heart aches for you.  I did not know Jim except through you and I know from our conversations that he was a great and kind man.  You and your family are in my prayers.  May god bless and comfort you.  Love, Lana
I first met Reverend Jim 21 years ago when Mitchell and I saw him for pre-wedding counseling and he inquired about my faith. I confessed I wasn't sure about my faith and he grinned that big comforting grin of his and extended his hand and said "why don't we work on that together, ok?"...and we did through the years. When Maddie was very ill he sat with me at the hospital (many visits) helping me navigate my thoughts and hold onto faith. He listened to Mitch and my concerns about jobs, money...always nodding, listening, encouraging us to have faith, be patient, tolerant, supportive to eachother. He preached Sunday's about life and faith and love, using humor to keep us engaged so we could learn. Recently when he stopped by our home on his way up north I was given an opportunity to tell him how he changed my life and in doing so changed my children's lives and my relationship with Mitchell too. As I spoke of gratitude, he gently smiled and told us it was an honor to be able to help. Lord, your servant Jim was Grace personified.i will miss knowing he walks among us, but his spirit is forever a part of our lives. Our deepest condolences to Shirley and the Johnson family, we feel your loss deeply. With love and gratitude, Mary, Mitchell, Calvin and Madison❤️
Uncle Jim was always out to bring out the best in everyone. He challenged me to strive to be a better person. He never gave up on a trouble making teenager.  He was so knowledgeable about so much. He loved his family more than anything in the world. I love you and will miss until we meet again.
My thoughts and prayers are with Shirley and the entire Johnson Clan.  I have only the fondest memories of Rev. Jim.  May he rest peacefully.  May the family find comfort
Shirley words cannot express how sorry we are to hear about Jim. You both have found a place in our hearts, we feel blessed to have known you both. Van enjoyed his conversations with Jim, as well as myself.  God Bless you and your family at this time. Love, Van and Teresa
I keep finding it very hard to find the simplest most eloquent way to express my sympathies. Rev Jim and Shirley had a profound effect on my life. His genuine concern, love and compassion for me and my family, continues to act as a daily reminder of how great friendships are often the extended family God has chosen to us. Thnak you Rev Jim.
I felt like Jim was my grandfather, too.  He was always so warm, welcoming, and interested.  What a good man, husband, father, grandfather, and friend.  Shirley, Jimmy, Mark, Karen, Jarrid, Eric, Jessica - you're all in my thoughts.  Lots of love to a wonderful family.
Dear Shirley,  My memories of you and Jim are many years old however as best friends do, Martha and I have kept each other up to date on all of our loved ones. My hope for you is that you find comfort from your loss in the love of your wonderful family, friends and faith. ❤️ Fondly, Linda Krebs Brown
Hey Patti  i cant believe it's been a year already since you were called Home   but there is not a Day or Night i don't think about you I miss you so much we have been though so much together over the past 30 + years we've known one another and i wish i had my best friend back so i could talk to you.about things i cant talk to my kids or anyone else  the things i could only talk to you about but i guess there will time enough to talk about anything when we see each other hopefully soon  all my Friend have to run for now but i will talk to you again soon. R.I.P. Patti and always Fly High and free and watch over all of us I love you My Friend and Miss you so much all my Love now and forever Your Best Friend for ever Ann
Hello My old and Dearest best Friend   it's me Ann i cant believe it's been a year since i saw you last i came by today because i want to wish my best friend who i have known and love for a very long time it is your Birthday and i wanted to say HAPPY BIRTHDAY My old Friend i miss you more then words can ever say but i  know you know what i mean you could always read my thoughts  I love and Miss you much my Friend so until we meet again May you always R.I.P til the day comes we see each other again. I love you and Miss you Patti
PATTI,  dear patti i know your not in pain anymore but you were still taken   way to soon for all who loved you   we have known each other for so long you were my Best Friend i had in this crazy world and i am going to Miss you so much  i still believe your gone it is still a bad dream and when i wake up you will still be here  please come back you was always there when i need someone to talk to and you wouldn't judge me no matter what  and i never got to say Thank you for everything you have ever done for me over the years so i am saying it now even thou you cant hear me                                                        Thank You so much                                                                for being my Best Friend                                                               and I am going to Miss your smile and Laugh                               Love your Best Friend Ann
Patti,you earned your wings. I know that a lot of people will miss you. You were a strong women. My thoughts and prayers are with your family.
Bo, we celebrate your life and miss you during this separation. Rest well until we see you again‍❤
Rest in love and peace. Cousin Willie  so glad the last words we spoke to each other was ; I love you Cousin! Gone  but never forgotten.
WISE, HUMBLE, LOVING AND CAN WILL I REMEMBER HIM. I THANK GOD FOR THE TIME HE SHARE HIM WITH US AND FOR ALL HE DID FOR ME. GOING BUT NOT FORGOTTEN IN LOVING MEMBERS OF MY UNCLE BO.
I didn't know uncle Bo personally however, I knew his spirit and I'm so glad he came cross my path. what I seen was a loving husband and father but most of all a man who love God with his whole heart. when we met it was uncle Bo and uncle Bo shown himself friendly to me. Pastor Julia Frazier thanks Renee for letting me leave a tribute to him in your space.
We are so thankful for the life of Willie' affectionately know to us as "Bo". As his siblings from Cadiz, KY we have fond memories of him taking us to Columbus to meet our father's side of the family. We know Bo is resting in heaven.  To God be the glory!!!
You are missed so much and will never be forgotten.
Mrs. Johnson Your son was a great friend! I met Keylon in the 7th grade at Miller Grove, we were in band together, as well as a host of other classes. Keylon is where my band name of "Bucky" started.  You already know this, but your some was one of a kind. He was a role model, even to his peers. He had an infectious smile, and that personality of his was sure to brighten up your day if you were having a rough one. we graduated from Redan in '96, I ran into Keylon a few years later, and he was as genuine as ever. I miss this Good brother!
Keylon was like a big brother to me at time when I needed one the most. He was always there with a smile or an encouraging word. He will forever be missed but never forgotten.
........I can't even type. I miss my brother..... ........haven't happy danced since 02..... I love you bro.
I am the mother of Keylon and as any mother knows, who has lost a child, it can be devastating. My son was very warm, outgoing, loved people and God. Keylon would share his love and time with anyone he came in contact with. His spirit would glow as he entered a room. I often called him my Social Butterfly, because he never met a stranger. His Father, Mother, Brother and daughter Imani miss him dearly. RIH
I met my husband Ricky Johnson in Charleston SC in December 2000 we met thru friends we started dating pretty much right away I knocked on his door he came over to my house the next day with a big Chocolate layer cake that he made for me and of course a joint we were inseparable from that moment we had traveled pretty much all over the South Nascar race's camping trips lots of fishing more  Nas car races our trips consisted of many different things always a smile Ricky was also a wonderful cook he could of been a chef but he chose his career as woodworking instead mostly house restoration cabinet making he was at his happiest when he was restoring the old houses of downtown Chawla known as the holy city Ricky was a wonderful husband and a good provider I spent 14 years of my life with Ricky and they were some of the best times of course we had our fights most married couples do. Ricky you are great missed that dam cancer took you away God kmow best and took away your suffering some of our best moments were spent barbecuing camping with friends and of course our 3 week trip to Honolulu Hawaii just before Ricky went home yo Heaven Ricky and I were married February 23 2006 in Charleston South Carolina Ricky fly high with the angels until we meet again l will love you forever
know that you where one of the few good blac men we had left you touched a lot of people and left a positive impact on a lot of people may you rest peacefully with the angel to reunite one day with every soul that you touched in a positive way keep your arms around them so they might have an enter peace with themselves knowing that you are freed of the poisons of this life in a higher postion we all pray to reach one your need here was fulfilled sooner then we thought it should of been but when our jobs as soldiers for christ are done here he calls us home god bless your soul and your family my boy your memories i will forever cherish tell lil dog i said for ya'll to hold done the fork till we meet again  god bless.
May you rest in peace to the family you have my condolences may god lay his unchanging hands on you all
I've known like forever. Now I'm saying this from your brother Anthony and  I . We will always carry you in our hearts. Anthony though has the best memory 2 brothers can share. Save a place for us. You are so very much miss.
You were truly a nice guy I'm glad I  met you through Carter everytime you come pick up Carter he was soo happy to see you I see all the love you both have for eachother
Unkle! I can't believe you are gone so early. But as always you will be forever missed. Thank you for being there while you had the chance. I really do miss n will always love you. You made a lil creation named Carter who I will be there for no matter, how far I am. Please rest easy. Save me a spot tho. I'll always keep the good times we had stored somewhere in my phone. Tell unkle lil bullet I said, " Hi! N his niece love him! Also tell Momma Dorothy I said Hey!" May you forever rest peacefully but your spirit live on through me.
Not a moment has went by that I have not thought about you since I heard the news. I can't belive your gone. You and that beautiful smile and personally will truly be missed and never forgotten. May you rest in eternal peace. Love you always.
Bro. I just want you to know that I love you bro with all my heart. By lost on earth have left me hurt because our FATHER GOD CALLED you home and he took a part of me. I know you would not want me to morn, but to continue help be the best person you help me to become. Brother, I love you and I know you are still with us. You have your wings now. I love you. Until we unite in HEAVEN. YOUR LIL Brother Tony Wilson
Happy Birthday My Love!!!!  Things Just Aren't The Same Without You!!!!  I Hope You Know You Are Loved And Missed With Every Passing Day And Eventhough You're Not Here Physically You Are Carried On Spiritually Every Day In The Hearts Of Myself, Momma, Daddy, Ashley, CJ, Chrissa, Grandkids, Sisters, Brothers, Cousins, Aunts, Uncles, Friends/Adopted Family!!!!! You Were Too Great To Be Forgotten!!!!!!  R.I.H. My Amazing Husband ChrisakaSnoop Corleone (11/29/68-9/07/2015)
RIP,  Remember you always.
RIP Brave Hero.
There are no words to express the heart-felt sorrow of losing a loved one, but when I think about it spiritually, she's not lost; she has been found...healed, pain-free and in God's hands.  I will always cherish the moments and laughter I shared with my big sister.  Sis, I love you dearly, rest in peace.
Baby not a single day that goes bye that im not missing you i miss you so bad and wish you were to be with me Honey. I know your my guardiean angel. Your gone but your never forgotten when you departed this earth apart of me left to cuz life without you has never been tha same.. RIP Baby. We will meet again one day soon.Fly with the angels.
I miss you Kara
Happy Heavenly 18th Birthday Haylee! #SquadGoals #TeamSambo  Love you sweet angel!
2 years ago you left this world and gained a beautiful set of wings, all though we dearly miss your quirky, smiling, funny faces &amp; laughter, we know you are at peace and pain free! Love You Bunches!  Jen Jen PS. Leave a spot &amp; some fish for me!
Happy Birthday Haylee! We love and miss you so much and really wish we could have spent so much more time with you. I know you will be with me in Spirit when I go fishing but wish it was in person. PaPaw loves you and know you will take me to all the good fishing spots when we meet again.
Good Morning Sweet Angel! Today marks a year that you recieved your beautiful wings &amp; flew high into that beautiful sky above! You are dearly missed by so many who's lives you have touched throughout the years! (#squadgoals)  I can still hear your "unique" laughter from time to time! We Dearly Love &amp; Miss You! #TeamSamboForever Beyond the moon &amp; stars! Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo Clay, Jen Brandi, Kenny, Lily &amp; Dalton
As the mornings come and I gotta wake up and realize you're not with me anymore and it hurts so bad, but all I keep telling myself is I'll see you again one day and it'll be like you was born, so babygirl be prepared for when I see you again I'm never letting you go!! I love and miss you so much! #teamsambo RIP babygirl
As another day comes to an end and once again you're not with me babygirl. It hurts so bad! I hope you're flying high babygirl! Good night and I love and miss you more than anything
Music is the core of my soul.  Luv ur face ... Smile love. You. And my nephew will always be my serenity. .. --- Kc
I miss you every moment of every day Mum.
You are in my heart every day
Thinking of you dad on this Christmas and missing you so much.  This was always your favorite time of year.  I am grateful for the traditions that you started in our family and that I have passed on to my kids and they onto their children.  We all love you so much and miss you.  Enjoy this Heavenly Christmas with your family and friends that were there to meet you on your journey.
Thank you again everyone for coming, and for those who were there in spirit.  It was a very special and memorable day for all. If you would like a program from the service, or would like an extra program, let me know and I can mail it to you.  I have extras to share.
Art I went to your Celebration of Life today and what a wonderful service your family gave you. Thank you for giving me a job at a time when I needed it so badly and thank you for giving me a second chance when it didn't look like I was learning things as fast as I should have. Thank you for all the times you made me laugh with the jokes you loved to play on people, including me. I will always remember your wonderful sense of humor and your kind heart and will never forget all the times I saw you help people, including me and my family. Working at Johnson's Market taught me so much and I wish every business had an owner who cared about their customer's the way you did and I wish they would expect their employee's to treat their customers with the same respect that you always expected us, as your employee's, to treat every customer, no matter who they were. I have so many memories from my years at Johnson's Market and could write on and on and on, but what it all comes down to is thank you for everything! Thank you for every lesson you helped me learn, no matter how hard it got sometimes. Thank you for showing me that it is always important to help people when they are in need and thank you for showing me that a true job consists not only of the hard times but also the good times. Thank you for eleven years at a job that I will always remember and cherish in my heart forever! Rest In Peace Art and I'll see you again someday when it's time!
Due to unforeseen circumstances, we have had to change the venue of Art's Celebration of Life Memorial.   The memorial will now be held at the VFW in Granada Hills, CA at 17522 Chatsworth St. Granada Hills 91344.  The memorial service will start at 11:00 a.m. with a reception immediately following at the same location.  The family is looking forward to seeing family and friends, sharing stories, and remembering Art. If you have any questions, please feel free to message me or call me at 661-878-3691 or AmberK411@aol.com
PLEASE READ UPDATE ABOVE Come join us to Celebrate the Life of Arthur Johnson, the rock of our family, who passed away June 2, 2016. There will be a memorial service at the cemetery and then an Open House immediately following at Amber's house, his granddaughter, in Sunland. The address for the Open House will be given out at the Memorial Service. Friday, October 7, 2016 Grand View Memorial Park 1341 Glenwood Rd. Glendale, CA 91201  If you have any questions, you can contact Amber Morales via email, or text.  Email: Amberk411@aol.com  Phone No: 661-878-3691
Happy 84th Birthday, Dad.  We miss you so much and are thinking of you on this day, as we do everyday.
I was very sorry to read today's Valley Press and observe the passing of another friend who was an important part of my life.  It was Art and I who got together and established Antelope Valley Bank in his market. We had a vision and it was a first in addition to being very successful for both of us.  Sincerely, Jack Seefus, AVBank Pres. CEO, Retired.
You were the nicest, kindest, funny at times man always helping someone in need. My son's father, Jose Tamayo worked at your store for the longest time and I remember how much he enjoyed it. Wish it could go back to those good ol days. Rest in peace but not forgotten
I clearly remember Art from my childhood (over 30+ years ago)! Nothing but fond memories of him and Johnson's Market! My Dad, Gary, was employed there for years and it was a place us kids spent many days! One memory that always sticks out is Art and his slot machines.... He was such an incredible man! So sad to hear of his passing....  Xoxo Sincerely Julee Hendricks (Grieco)
Art I don't have one certain memory of you..but I will always thank you for giving Verna a job at a time she really needed one, an then trusting her to finally manage your store..You will always have a special place in my heart..I have missed you and the store for many years..RIP Art and hope to see you again one day..
They both was the great moms every. I would give up everything I got just to have them both back. They was the best  mothers that anyone would love to have. Love you mom and aunt Darlene. We miss y'all both and wish y'all was here.
Devonier was a AWESOME LIL BROTHER,HE Was Takin From Us Way To Soon,Dee Was One Of A Kind. There's No Other Child. Out Here Like Dee. Dee Had A Way With People.Very Good Hearted individual. Dee was a AWESOME Lil Brother,Son,Cousin,And Friend HE WILL TRULY BE AND IS MISSED DEEPLY
I'M MISSIN U ALWAYS LIL BRUH
WORD'S CAN'T EXPLAIN HOW TRULY U ARE MISSED. U WERE SO YOUNG THE LORD ONLY LORD KNOWS BUT AT THE SAME TIME IT'S NOT FAIR I WISH U CLD BE HERE  MISS U SOO SOO SOO SOO SOO SOO SOOO SOO MUCH LIL BRUH REST EASY BABY
I'M ALWAYS ALWAYS OHHH MY GOD I'M ALWAYS  THINKING OF YOU U R ALWAYS ON MY MIND  YOU WILL 4EVA BE IN MY ❤ HEART ❤
I'm sorry for all the times I lied to you      I know it's too late cuz your gone,     And I have nothing left of you      But Memories and songs      That when I hear it I'm back in the past     When it was just you and I     I'm sorry I couldn't see you     Before you past away and took     Half of my heart with you
Secrets         I try not to think about you two     And all the good and bad we been thru      I miss you both,     If I had the chance to see y'all      That'll be my dose     Of medicine, to heal me     From all the pain I've been feeling      For the last three years      I've had nothing but remorse    And these tears that won't stop shedding    Like the blood when I cut
Happy 20th Birthday Kimani. I miss you the same today that I did 2yrs ago. I'm holding on strong but it's still hard to even think about you without getting emotional. Or talking about you to anyone, even myself. I love you and I miss you, so do Jaymes, Elijah, Jada and Angelo. You are always on our minds and in our heart. ♥
Happy 19th birthday nephew ! I miss you everyday and you are constantly on my mind.. there is just so much I wish I could say to you and do for you and I'm sorry I wasn't there for you as much as I should have been. I love you soo much Kimani . Thank you for being there for me when I needed advice or just a hug. Thank you for being YOU! I will continue to share my memories of you and think about you everyday.. I love you
just thinking about you.i love and miss you Kimani.
happy Thanksgiving nephew!  I love you. I'm thankful you were in my life.
I miss you. I think about you everyday and I'll never forget you. I love you nephew
I'm just thinking about you Kimani! Granny Margie died this past Week, so we dealing with that. I'm really glad you got to spend time with her before she died, she really loved all of us. I love you so much and miss you more and I'm sooo PROUD of you!
My heart actually ACHES FOR YOU! I never felt this pain before, I don't think I can't stand it Kimani. I'm just so sad, but I hold it well. The counseling every week helps but Angelo helps more! I love you Kimani Tyrel
Just thinking about you.
I'm thinking about you daily Kimani! I love you!
Hi Kimani! I miss you and my heart is so broken, but I think I'm being strong. I just can't understand this and its draining me. I love you
Happy 4th of July Kimani! We love you and tell our cuz happy birthday!
Kimani I miss you so much this is the first Father's Day  without my grandson you are with Jesus now please help protect and watch over us All we will miss you forever  you are fantastic young man your smile would light up a room  you always be with us in our hearts and our minds I can't really put into words how I think we all feel love always your grandfather Jerry
Good morning baby!
HAPPY FATHERS DAY KIMANI! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH AND I MISS YOU WITH ALL MY HEART!
I wish I could hug you! I still remember dropping you off at the airport, and kissing you on the cheek thinking to myself "you still got baby soft face" lol
I love you nephew . There's not a day that goes by that I don't think about you. I'm so sorry that this has happened to you.. Please watch over your family , especially your little brother Jaymes.
I miss you eveyday, i think about you ALL THE TIME. I cry so many tears. I just want u back. This really hurts me. You were finally getting the life u wanted. I am so proud of you and so proud to say no girl had u the way I had you. I love you soo much !!!!!!!! 11. 15. 12
I miss you so much! I cry everyday, and think about you constantly! Im so sorry this happend to YOU! You tried so hard and made me so proud Kimani! Dont ever think you didnt! I love you!
Grandma may be far away, but I thought of you often and missed you alot. You grew up to be a fine handsome young man. I remember you more as the goofy smiley kid who stuck rocks in his ears. Had us all laughing when Harley the Dog carried you cross the back yard. The proud way to looked at baby Jaymes when he was born. You were his protector, brother and friend, and sometimes his translator. You were an awesome son, grandson, brother and friend who God called home much too soon. Save me a place in Heaven Kimani. I love you infinity ...........................
I will miss you and not a day will go by when I don't think of all the good times we had you are and all ways will be in our hearts.
To my lovely sister and my best friend I hope you had a blessed birthday and the angles sang for I miss you so much I love you holly Jean we will see each other again
She was my Rock  and I really miss her and love her my life is so different with her not being around
Mom i nd u right now i dont understand y God keeps taking lov ones away from me like dis he took Jo Jo he was da lov of mi life right there n Blk Chris he was a gud man just trying to take care of his familia n Nana mi favorite grandma who lov me n Aunt Jean another one i cared so much bout she lov me n Uncle Wayne i lov him very much he was one of ur men God he put ur name out there n da world for everyone to know u still liv on an Mi mother i truly lov nothing n da world can replace her she was one n a million now Lance mi bb friend i lov so much i would do anything for him mom is God punishing me for sum thing i did an dont realize it plz tell me i cant deal wit no one else beening taking from me....                                     Love U very much
Gud afternoon mom so Henry youngest brother Lance died n a car accident Friday 15th only 32 yrs old mi heart is hurting like it did wen i find out u passed i hope ur doing ok an enjoy ur self plz look after Lance Henry brother dats his name mom ok lov n miss u
Hey Mom sry for not being on here I just been going through sum things an it sucks not being able to talk to u or see u I made u a cake for ur birthday an said happy birthday to u I hope u liked it I hate dat ur not here anymore I miss talking to u an hearing ur voice all da time Thana is doing ok she misses u alot an yes she still wit jackass they got another baby on da way. Da kids are doing gud Tyrone on da other hand is doing ok I guess he won't talk to me I don't know y maybe it's sum thing I did but he calls joanee almost every day...
Hey Mom how u doing Well am hanging n da best way I can right now it gets hard sum times wit out u here but I find a way to get through am on mi way to Detroit right now to visit mi friend Jr. I been talking to an to see uncle nate its funny how things change a person wen sum one u lov so much leaves u an da only thing closes to u is a familia member u have met maybe 3 or 4 times n ur life an u feel more closely to them then u have ever beside ur sisters... I love going to see how Uncle Nate an mi cuzz are doing an chilling wit mi friend Jr. its very relaxing an I Love to travel if I had da money I would travel more often an go see mi sisters an their kids an mi son. I lov u Mom very much... I will write u later k 1.4.18 / 7:33am
Happy New Year's Grandma I Miss You So Much
Happy New Year's Mom I wish u was here wit me to bring n da New Year's but I know ur looking down on us wishing u was here so I know dat I don't have to worry cos I know u already shelding tears wishing but soon I will be there wit u mom ok I lov u
Happy Birthday Mom I know u watching us from heavens above an wishing u was here with us but unfortunately ur in a better place an we miss n love u so much it hurts me even more wen holidays an ur birthday comes around i can't hold it in  anymore n be strong like am supposed to do like everything ok wen it's not mi heart hurts so bad an mi tears fall for u I only have one wish an dats for u to come spend ur birthday wit ur daughters who miss n love u so much Mom Thana Well it's here I was hoping it didn't come as fast as it did but right now i want to take this time out to make this shout out from Florida to HEAVEN TO SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY MA I LOVE YOU MISS YOU VERY MUCH AND I WISH YOU WAS HERE IN PERSON I JUST WISH I COULD TALK TO YOU BUT YOUR IN A BETTER PLACE IVE BEEN TRYING TO SSTOP CRYING BUT THE TEARS SEEM TO NOT GO AWAY BUT TURN UP IN HEAVEN UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN R. I. H. BABY GIRL
Hey sugar foot you know what today is chick I just want to say I love you I miss you very much I wish you was here but I know that you are in a better place and your looking down on us probably shaking your head like wtf I didn't raise these bitchies like that but Im trying my best mommy I promise and I know it's a lot of things you see me doing and your not proud of I'm sorry and I'm trying to change mii lady you are wonderful and still beautiful I don't know how I'm making it but making it day by day with God I sit and try to be okay but it's hard not hearing your voice or seeing your face but it's cool I guess.. Your always in mii heart mind and spirit so baby girl HAPPY BIRTHDAY TURN UP I HOPE YOU ENJOYING IT YOU ARE NEVER FORGOTTEN I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU VERY VERY MUCH HAVE FUN.                                                                  SIGN YOUR DAUGHTER:                                                        MARCIA A. K. A THANA
Hi grandma is shauntelle and I miss you so much, I am very sad that you are gone. My mom misses you too and so does Titi I don't know how they do it. This hurts to say goodbye. I hope your watching over us each and everyday
Hey mom I know I been distant from writing u n am sry it just hurts so much to even think about u I been trying to hold on n be strong for u an da rest of da familia but its getting harder everyday to keep everything looking fine n ok I wan to Wish U A Very Happy Mother's Day I know it's late an am really sry mom I hope u can forgive me for dat I never meant for dat to happen ok mom I hate having to write u on here but things happen an like u said dats life wen it's ur time to go be ready for it unfortunately I wasn't ready for u to leave me alone an behind mom we have so much more to work on wit me I have a hard time letting ppl in mi life I been trying to work on mi anger an everything else its just hard wit out u being here to talk wit an give me da comfort I nd an showing me da ropes on how things work an getting me prepare for ur death wen time came dat away I knew how to deal wit it da right way an I could of had a better way of showing mi sisters how to deal wit it now I have lost mi way of showing how to lov again Idk wat to do but drink mi feelings way an its getting harder to do dat sum times I feel like it would be better just to disappear an never look back an maybe I won't have to hurt anymore or feel da way I do I just wish I could have done sum thing to change things around for us an been a better daughter for u an not a handful or troubled child an listened to everything u had to say to me but instead I would  just walk away from u . I DON'T HATE U FOR LEAVING ME I KNOW U WAN TO GO ANYWAY I JUST WISH U WOULD HAVE WAITED FOR ME AWHILE BEFORE U LEFT ME ALONE BUT  I DO HAVE SUM HATE TO GOD FOR TAKING U FROM ME DA WAY HE DID I KNOW I SHOULD NOT COS HE'S OUR GOD BUT I DO AN MAYBE ONE DAY I'LL GROW TO LOV HIM AGAIN BUT RIGHT NOW I CAN'T I HAVE GOT TO FIND MI OWN WAY ON DIS ONE BUT I WILL ALWAYS LOVE U MOM NO MATTER HOW BAD I FEEL ABOUT THINGS U WILL ALWAYS BE N MI THOUGHTS N HEART AN I LOVE U MOM N I HOPE U LIKE IT .
Am so sry mom I for got to tell u merry Christmas on here but am today merry Christmas an happy new year's mom I miss u so much an wish I was here wit me lov u
Happy thanksgiving momma i hope you're enjoying your day so far i know your cooking up there for everyone i know there happy they don't have to cook . i know i miss your cooking always this time of year and i know renee and thana miss it too . i hate this year because your not here to enjoy it with us this is your month. I don't even want to enjoy it with you if your not here with me . Today is really shity it not even thanksgiving for me i feel lose momma and i remember you saying to me that every year we bring together new ppl to are life . god i miss you momma and love u too . hey momma can u tell nana and my uncle wayne i said happy thanksgiving to them too i miss them too i didn't forget about them at all .
Hi momma i just wanted to say I'm so sorry for how i acted to you has we was growing up and i wish i could change it but i can't and i live with that everyday how i treated u especially on that day i fought with you and yelling at you when i should have just listened to you and instead of fighting with you and making you go to the hospital then fighting with you there and telling you to just sit there and be quite and i don't want to hear it and saying it over and over again.  When i should have just listened to what u was trying to tell me i wouldn't feel so bad and watching you being tubed up like that and watching you crying and can't move because the doctors tied u down so u wouldn't pull the tube out and looking at your face and knowing your scared and watching you cry because u see me and thana crying and knowing that this is the only day that you are going to see your girls . Afraid that if u leave from the hospital that this will be the only last time u see us because u might die and i know that before we got there to u momma . the doctors told us that they told you what was going on with u and that they had to send you to another hospital because they don't have the things here to help you . I'm so sorry that we didn't get to you in time and that you had to die alone without us but i wanted to tell you that we tried so hard to get there before you left us here alone . that we sit there in your hospital room laying next to holding you and crying for you to come back so we can say we are so sorry and we love you and that im so sorry that i had to leave you alone there and that i know dad never came and that what hurts me the most because you had to die alone and scared . i love you momma and miss you so much and i wish i could just have one day with you to tell you that im sorry for how i was with u and could u forgive me and that will always stay with me so make sure you leave me a spot next to you and momma when i leave here and come see you i want you to be the face i see going up there to heaven ok momma .  don't worry the kids are going to be fine they have us in them very strong and smart.  Happy birthday momma i love you .
Happy 54th  Birthday Mom ur looking more n more beauitful everyday so lets make it ur Amazing Beauitful birthday today put sum thing pretty on an lets go out an have fun drink eat dance talk laugh listen to music wat ever u wan to do today n watch da smiles on our face. Cos its ur day i wan u happy mi birthday mother da most amazing women n da world we lov so much an miss everyday so as i sit here an think of wat to get u for ur birthday i just wan u to sit there n smile for me while me an ur girls get ur party ready for u ok mom its ur day so u rest an let ur girls get dis one . Since u been taking care of us an ur grandkids for along time i just wan to say am so proud of u mom for rasing us girls to be so much like u i lov it an i can speak for mi sisters as well we lov our Amazing Mother who would have our backs no matter if we was n da wrong u was always there for us an we lov u for dat. So i hope u enjoy ur Amazing Birthday Party Mom cos were going to try an since ur not here wit us n person but i can say ur always wit us n spirit so dat counts more then anything n mi eyes so if u feel alone dont be cos am right here next to u mom ok so dont get upset an start crying like u always do on ur birthday cos ur going to make me cry an i am trying mi hardest not to cos its ur day but if i do cry its tears of joy for u mom am sry cos its just not da same wit out u here next to me .  Lov u mom n miss u
hi momma happy birthday momma god knows how much I miss you so much I love you and just because I can't see you doesn't mean you not with me . I try not to get so upset today because right about now I feel like hell and I should be with you so I don't have to feel like this anymore momma its like this everyday I feel like this crying everyday does make it feel better it just make it worse for me just makes me miss you more and more and I just wish I was there with you . I love you momma and miss you so much.  Happy birthday momma miss you and love you so much . Your oldest daughter joanee
Hi momma i can't believe that tomorrow will be your 53 years old and everyday i miss you more it feels like i just seen you at the house before i we home . momma how could this happen so quick to you it was like i saw you that day on the 24 of june and was talking to you and trying to take you to the doctor when should have just let u stay home since u didn't want to go anyway but i didn't i made you go there or the hospital to see how u was doing and look what happened you end up dieing on me and i had to go see you again at the hospital in gainesville Fl where it was the last time i saw you and must have been scared momma and im so sorry i didn't get there in time to see u and tell u its ok momma don't worry I'm here i try to get there before you left momma I'm so sorry and i know how there did you when i saw you at the creamation site for the last time it hurt me more to see you just laying there cold and no clothed on you . I'm sorry i couldn't be the daughter u wanted me to be when I'm the oldest out of me and renee and thana . i miss you so much and i love you and i will always love u no matter .
Hi momma i can't believe that tomorrow will be your 53 years old and everyday i miss you more it feels like i just seen you at the house before i we home . momma how could this happen so quick to you it was like i saw you that day on the 24 of june and was talking to you and trying to take you to the doctor when should have just let u stay home since u didn't want to go anyway but i didn't i made you go there or the hospital to see how u was doing and look what happened you end up dieing on me and i had to go see you again at the hospital in gainesville Fl where it was the last time i saw you and must have been scared momma and im so sorry i didn't get there in time to see u and tell u its ok momma don't worry I'm here i try to get there before you left momma I'm so sorry and i know how there did you when i saw you at the creamation site for the last time it hurt me more to see you just laying there cold and no clothed on you . I'm sorry i couldn't be the daughter u wanted me to be when I'm the oldest out of me and renee and thana . i miss you so much and i love you and i will always love u no matter .
Hi momma i can't believe that tomorrow will be your 53 years old and everyday i miss you more it feels like i just seen you at the house before i we home . momma how could this happen so quick to you it was like i saw you that day on the 24 of june and was talking to you and trying to take you to the doctor when should have just let u stay home since u didn't want to go anyway but i didn't i made you go there or the hospital to see how u was doing and look what happened you end up dieing on me and i had to go see you again at the hospital in gainesville Fl where it was the last time i saw you and must have been scared momma and im so sorry i didn't get there in time to see u and tell u its ok momma don't worry I'm here i try to get there before you left momma I'm so sorry and i know how there did you when i saw you at the creamation site for the last time it hurt me more to see you just laying there cold and no clothed on you . I'm sorry i couldn't be the daughter u wanted me to be when I'm the oldest out of me and renee and thana . i miss you so much and i love you and i will always love u no matter .
Hi grandma I love you and my mom miss you and she loves you and I know that you believe in all of us we believe in you to.my mom crys because she miss you a lot a and my titi miss you to she crys all the time and she loves you same with my mom loves you to.my telle miss you to and nick miss you to we all miss you.and I know that I barely know you but I still love you and same with max she barely know you but she still love you.by your grandson Ethan.
Well mom i went to my appt and nobody was there so when i called the women told me that she had called renee and told her that she wasn't going to make it . that pissed me off so bad that i came all the way there and i really didn't have to.  So shauntelle wanted me to pick her up so i did and then i picked ethan too and we just watching tv . i miss so much momma i don't think i can do this without you here with me helping me out . i try to make everything prefect but it doesn't seem like it wants to go that way it just feels like everytime i feel like I'm doing good something goes wrong and it feels like I'm getting kicked three steps back . it seems like nothing wants to go my way. I love u momma and miss you so much
Hi mom how was your day today well my was ok i went to school but i didn't even stay because my teacher wasn't there and the women who was there didn't know what to do so i just left . has i was walking to the bus stop i was listening to music and started to
I wen an dropped shauntelle off at Joanee place an drank sum liq.she got a bottle for u but i got so wasted an wan to head home so i wen to da bus stop an waited for da bus then missed mi stop to get off so i just took da train home an stopped by da liq store an got a small bottle was drinking it before i even got home Chris met me half way just to make sure i got home safe he said i was so wasted i was dancing wit a pole an started lauging but it was funny then got to talking bout u an how u made us so happy an dat i miss talking to u dat i being to cry Chris came over an gave me a hug an said its going to be ok am here wit u Renee just let it out an remember moms right here wit u just cos u cant see her dont mean shes not looking at u an crying herself cos she is an shes always wit u. Mom u would be so proud of Chris since ur passing hes been here trying to do his best wit us an i give him 100% just for trying but u an i know dat hes only doing it cos of u. An am greatful for him but i do know mi self an dat mi thoughts an nightmares are getting stronger sum times i pray dat god takes me before i do sumthing to mi self or to sum one else dat i cant take back or forgive mi self i know i have done sum things dat am not proud of but i have asked for god to plz forgive me for mi sins an to plz help me out wit everything cos am losing it an i dont know how much longer i can deal wit it an how much i wan to be wit u mom it hurts so much i dont know wat to do wit da pain but to cut an pray dat u can forgive me for cutting but its da only way i know how to stop da pain i just wan da pain,hurt an da heartaces to go away so bad so i cant feel it anymore. I lov u so much mom an i hope u see where am coming from wen u are reading mi words dat am leaving for u .
Well mom I just wanted to say that everyday I cry for u and now I know what u meet when u said that you was tired because I'm tired and everyday I wish I leave a find ways to do it. The only thing that keeps me here is my kids Ethan Shauntelle nick max and my sister renee and I know I made a promise to you to watch over them . but something's I think I'm not doing a good job and wish u was here to help me because something's I feel like I'm alone and doing everything by myself and everyone doesn't ever care how I feel . it makes me feel like why the hell I'm I here then why don't I just leave this earth my kids will be better off with out me . I was hard when I lost my son but now it feels like nick doesn't ever care if I leave her the only ones who ever care is the other ones I have in my life not counting bobby and Rico and jerrel and rehsawn . I'm trying to do my best and take care of everyone the best way I know how to and I miss you and love you more everyday your not here with me and I know renee and thana are having a hard time with it everyday just like me and im so thankful for Chris he just don't know how much im for him .    love your oldest joanee'
When I first met you and James y'all welcomed me an my kids into yall life just cause you took my sisters Renee,Joanee into your life an yall made one big family. I don't think I ever told you or James that am very greatfully of you for opening your home to my family an your the best mother they could ever have that really cared for them the way you did an am so sorry I didn't say anything to you earlier I wish I would have but I can't change the pass just the future an I been keeping a eye on your girls an I most say they are trying their hardest to get through this an it may take them a few years but I can say I will do my best to help them out anyway I can mama it feels weird calling you that now when you first  met me you told me it was OK to call you mom or mama it was up to you an you told my girls to call you grandma even knowing that they were a pain some times you still showed them love an I will always love you for that. I stay with Renee an she nds you more then anything right now she cries at night an she drinks to take her hurt an pain away she misses you a lot sometimes I don't know what to do an wish I knew you better so I would know what to do when things happen like this but no one wishes anything like this to happen to a love one. So did only thing I can do is help out an hope everything gets better soon an be their for your girls cos I know Renee an Thana nds you the most out of Joanee when Renee talks to Thana you can hear it in her voice that she's upset an she misses you an nds you but she lets Renee know I just hate seeing them cried an we drink on your birthday an your passing  an mine birthday since it's only a week after yours . RIP Mama
Well mom ur birthday is coming up soon so have u decided wat u would like me to get for u. I know one thing is dat u would like all of us to be together like we was before u passed an am trying to do mi best but it's hard right now an I wen to Detroit n March last year I saw UNC Nate an some places were u grow up at I wish u were wit me it was different from wen u lived there but I had fun visiting UNC Nate an he told me wat he an his family did wen u passed it brought tears to me knowing dat he couldn't be there wit us but he still thought of u an that's wat counts n mi eyes I love u mom...From ur daughter Renee
Grandma i miss you so much i wish you was here with me right now we could watch movies together and i could tell you how my day has been i hate that your not here mi mom and titi's need you here so much they cry for you every other day well i know mi mom cries for you every night she thinks i dont hear her but i do an it makes me sad. So grandma hurry up back here to comfort them so they can stop crying please. I love you an miss you grandma...
A loving , caring, heart warming woman of God who would give her clothes off her back just to keep sum one warm or her last dollar to sum one mi mom was amazing lady. Who loved to help others out she always said u catch ur blessing dat way wen u see sum one n nd of help an u just do it out of da kindness of ur heart. I LOVE U MOM AN MISS U SO MUCH... MI HEART ACHES  MI heart aches for ur attention everytime it skips a beat it cries out for u an ur nowhere to be found.... I lov u wit every beat of mi heart an may GOD watch over u wit every step u make while am here on earth waiting for u. Till then mi Angels will keep a eye on y'all for now. So just remember I will always be there for y'all an u will surly be missed i lov u very much mom .....
I wish i had another day with you momma u was every thing that made us girls who we are today and more to come  Everyday i think of you.  I should have listen to you when u asked me to listen to u a long time ago if I knew what i know now i wouldn't have given you a hard time i would have cherish every moment with you like it was the last day with you.  I think of you every day and night even when I need you more even now when i needed  talk to you. U are the one i always talk to you always knew what to say to me to make me feel good and understand what u was trying to say to me . i will see you soon momma make sure you leave me a spot for me up there . I'll be waiting for it when i get up there .   i love you momma and miss you so much love always your oldest daughter joanee.
We Love and Miss You Sooo Much Daddy
Dad, We Love you &amp; Miss you sooo Much!! Life will Never be the same Here, Without you!! You will forever &amp; Always be in our Heart's!! You will Always be Remembered, &amp; Missed!! Love you to the moon &amp; back!!!! Miss you more, n more Everyday!! Love you Forever &amp; Always,, Charity, Chad, Justyce, Analyia
I'm still struggling without you here baby girl. I think of you every single day. I know you are with us all. Keep watching over mommy and daddy and help keep them safe. They miss you so very much too. You changed our lives and taught us so much. Living without you is the hardest thing I've ever had to do. I remember your smile, your laugh, your singing and your dancing...that always makes me smile. I remember how you taught us all about love. We were so blessed to have you for the time we did. I wish the whole world knew that kind of love! You will forever be in my heart. Love you always and forever my sweet angel
Nothing you love is lost. Not really. Things, people - they always go away, sooner or later. You can't hold them, any more that you can hold sunlighyt. But if they've touched you, if they're inside of you, then they're still yours. The only things you ever really have are the ones you hold inside your heart.
Karmyn I can't even begin to explain the pain I feel without you u wer the most amazing beautiful smart little girl I have ever met and u wer mine. I miss you so much it hurts their is not a day that goes by nor minute that I don't think about you I cry myself to sleep everynight wishing I could hold you and sing "you are my sunshine". I hoprle you are watching over me and I believe you are up their singing and dancing and being Elsa just like you wer when we wer together.I will never forget you boo boo you changed my life and im so proud to be your mommy.
My words arnt adequate to express the sorrow I feel for your loss karmyn was a inspiration to everyone around her I am so blessed and lucky to have known her beauty I will keep her spirit alive with the many scared memories I Hold close to my heart &lt;3
Love and miss you Karmyn Jeanne Johnson.
Missing my Aunt Jill,we had the beat times at our family gatherings at her house.Aunt Jill and Aunt Francine watched the movie Soul Food so our family mimicked the movie for a few Sunday's with food,laughs,and much LOVE I SO MISS THOSE DAYS WITH YOU.After a few Sunday's y'all were over it and that was the FUNNIEST. LOVE YOU SYL
Jill was born in Portsmouth, Virginia moved to Baltimore and started a family with five children.She loved to cook and clean and loved spending family time and gatherings. Mom was so full of life and worked so hard to support her family. I never thought our mom would become sick after she cared for the sick.Pay attention to your love ones when they don't act there normal self pls.You can catch on illnesses sometimes before it's to late. A normal day at work u get a phone call mom forgetting where she put her coffee cup at she dnt seems to be OK.I arrives in15 min Mom how she response I'm OK me Mom I am going to take you to the Hospital so we can see what's going on mom OK.It takes 15 min to get to the Hospital by that time doc says who is this lady with you she looks at me and says I don't no.Her pain was always my pain and our pain she was diagnosed highest for Lung and Brain Tumors.Her words was when God get ready for me that will be my day.We definitely walk side by side with her the whole journey God knows how much we truly appreciated and misses her.Until we meet again One Love Jilldy from Granny... Peace
Keisha, I am sending this birthday wish to you in heaven,  wrapped in all my love. HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEISHA!!! This is always been a sad day,  for us to get through, even after all these years that have gone by. But, I think what gets us through, is the thought of seeing you again, when we make it to heaven. So, I know I must do, what is necessary,  to make this happen. Please continue to watch over us all, especially your mom, dad and brother! We all miss and love you so much! Continue to rejoice with the angels,  and rest in eternal peace! Love you forever beautiful angel of ours!!!
W
Wishing my beautiful niece a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY!  I will always have a special place in my heart just for you! Keisha, I miss you so much but I know you're in a happy place. So you enjoy your special day niece! Love you so much and miss you as well.
To my baby girl this another year gone by and I am still missing you like crazy I want to send a birthday wish to heaven I my angle is having a great time i don't think losing you I will ever get totally over specially On this day I love and miss you so much.Happy birthday Baby girl.                                           Love and miss you  MOM
To My Darling Daughter not a day goes by That you are not in my thoughts but I know you're watching o ver me Miss you with all my heart                                MOM
ove &amp; miss you loads dad xx
Derek u were our little bundle of joy.. I can remember the day u left us like it was yesterday  happy heavenly birthday I'll never forget you love nan
Derek’s life was short lived and was taken from us for some unknown reason but he is often thought of and he is missed by many of us. For some unknown reason God had that special place for him and a special reason for taking Derek at such a young age in which we may never know until that day comes when we get to meet up with him again in heaven. Derek was a bundle of joy and was loved by each and every one of us that knew Derek.  Derek will always be in my thoughts and in my heart and never forgotten until the day I die.  Love You Always and Forever Dad
Terry will forever be in my memories! As a young adult I watched Carol Lee and Terri Lynn his children my nieces and we had good times and sad times. He was married to my sister Carol at the time and he was my shag partner and I thought a lot of Terry and always will keep a special place in my heart for him. I adore his children and my prayer for these children and Nancy and Greg is that they will all find it in their hearts to forgive their Dad for things of the past. Love one another because life is short! My Deepest Sympathy and prayers go out to All the friends and family that Loved Terry dearly!
Mama....we love and miss you so much. I know you are still with us in spirit always looking out for us. We hold on to all the beautiful memories and hold your spiritual guidance close by our side..I thank God for blessing me with such a wonderful mother..It is not the same without your earthly presence mama but I take comfort in knowing one day I will see you again....love you forever!!
Mama thank you for everything you done for me without you I don,t know where I would be .   We love and miss you so much. You were the best mother a child could ever have. I can,t stop crying I miss you so so much. until we meet again.    love you forever
A littl girl asked me a couple days ago where "my momma" was. She moved here from china and I was not sure what her beliefs were about heaven. I stumbled around a little.  " my momma is.....  she is..... my momma is....". Her mom jumped in and said, "Heaven?"  I said yes but found I could hardly say it.  "Elaine ms. Rebecca's momma is in heaven."   Yes.  Elaine.  That is where my momma is.  And I miss her.  Really that is all that I can say.  I miss her.  My fierce, protective, loyal, loving, fiessty, genuine mumzie.  I really miss her.
I was thinking of calling you today and then stopped, as I have done many times the past two years. You left us this day two years ago today.  I miss our talks, mostly I talked and you listened to me jabber on and on.  I loved talking to you and the words of encouragement and advice that you always gave me.  If I was feeling down on myself or life simply was rotten, you always made me feel very special.  Because of our talks on the phone I feel that I was able to know you.  You were not only my mother you were my friend, a friend that would never turn her back on me and a friend that would never say anything bad about me.  A friend that greeted me with "Hello Jany"  and end the call with "Love You".  I have saved a few phone messages that say, "Hello, this is your Mother, Love you!"  I listen to these when I wish that I could talk to you.  I can't go and place flowers beside you today because I live too far away.  I am leaving this flower here on this site for you as a reminder of how much I love and respect you.
Happy Birthday Mom!  A day does not go by that I don't think of you. Love and miss you!
I keep thinking that I would love to have just five more minutes of talking with Mom.  Just five....but, even five wouldn't be enough to say all of things that I would love to tell her.  Thank you Mom for just listening so often when I just needed to know that you were there for me and feel the love that I always felt from you.  I miss our talks very much.
I sure miss mom. She was a perfect mother in law for me. When I hear negative comments about in laws I have to step back and realize how lucky I was. She was certainly not perfect but I never had one interaction with her that I came away with a negative feeling. She and I had a good vibe. I will look forward to seeing her on the other side. Love you mom. Bob stockdale
Well sister I'm sorry things didn't go as planned. But you know how this family is..anyway been thinking about you all day and how the day was 1 year ago.still doesn't seem real. And the attitudes of certain people have only gotten worse...I LOVEand MISS YOU....and you were a good sister...I sure miss that..
Well  tomorrow marks a year you left still does not seem real. Miss ya bunches and all those phone calls. Mom and Dad are still dealing with your loss and talk of you often. Terree and I will be spending tomorrow with them and will be doing something special in your honor. Pretty much like your Birthday..Hope you enjoy it.we all LOVE and MISS you so much...xoxo
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY I Hope Your SPENDING IT WITH ALL THE SPECIAL ANGELS!!!!   I LOVE YOU ALWAYS!!!
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY I Hope Your SPENDING IT WITH ALL THE SPECIAL ANGELS!!!!   I LOVE YOU ALWAYS!!!
HAPPY Mothers Day Sister I LOVE YOU
Love You and miss you so much and I am truely sorry I did not spend the time with you that you needed me to..I have come across a lot of your cards and letters never thought they would mean so much.I really hope you know how much I Love You and the memories well let's just say some I won't share because they belong to us. Love always your littlest sister
I miss you more then anything momaw! I know I'm late but wanted to let you know I was thinking about you on ur birthday, I love you so much momaw!
Mom,when you left, I never new how much I still need you,but I am trying to let you go little by little, my heart is so broken and I don't know how to fix it, mom I LOVE YOU MORE THEN EVER
I will love you forever and always.
Dad I will always love and miss you very much.  Love your Laurie
My wife Kathleen and I knew Stub as a gracious, cheerful friend for many years at Central Lutheran Church. He was a good husband to the elegant, beautiful Dee, who was a very special woman. Later he married our dear friend, Anne and life began anew for them both. Stub, or "Spud," as I incorrectly called him for years because I was hard of hearing, was always very kind and friendly. He truly did enjoy people and opened his heart to many. He also gave us lots of good advice about buying cars, which we have followed and appreciated to this day. So, Diana and family - you each have our heartfelt sympathies on the passing of your fine loved one. Remember and trust that: Love is stronger than death. Friends In Christ, George &amp; Kathleen Keegahn
I love u mommy I miss u so much u are my rock my everything.Thank u for being there and making me the women I am today you are forever in my heart.
Rest in peace little brother we all love you and truly miss you you are an angel
Love And Miss You Brother
I miss you so much my heart is been so heavy  I love you
Just wanted to say I'm sorry for your loss..God bless you &amp; comfort you..
You are truly missed mama.. I love you always..
We love and Miss you ur smile your goofy ways your bond with ur son just everything gone to soon rest well babyboy
So I'm missing you..  I have so much to talk about with you,  can't wait to go visit you so I can tell you everything that's been going on with me.  I have two years worth of heartache &amp; pain and some good times.
Love you more news more everyday, it's like your presence is everwhere
Continue to R.I.P. Ms . Johnson
Two years later, and my heart still aches, from losing you. I know you're in a better place. Rest up Sweet Heart..    Forever Missing You,     Neisha ❤❤❤
I can literally write a book about my beautiful, sweet,loving caring sister...  Meka really meant the world to me,and was definitely one of a kind... No one can ever replace the spot she holds in my heart... I thank God for the 10+ years she was in my life... She was truly my angel... Until we meet again, LOVE YOU MEKASHAY
My name is Terrezelyn i just dropped on this beautiful Page to say that Shemeke was a Wonderful High Spirited Woman she stood beside me at my last Wedding her and her Husband when evryone dropped out the wedding they stayed. I went to tbere home a lot they were a Young Godly Couple that loved the Lord i hate i never knew she was gone until i saw her picture. Homie u r loved and sadly missed thank u for being there for me.
If I could go back in time, I would choose the moments when we were young and just had fun. We didn't have to worry about time, because at that time we had forever. I would go back in those moments to have forever all over with you again and we would not grow up just stay forever young. If only it were possible. But three things I know for sure I miss you, I love you, but I'll see you again one day. RIP ShaMeka LaShay Johnson
Daddy, I miss you so much. I wish I could pick up the phone and just hear your voice on the other end. You was my best friend, my hero, my role model, my Dad. You taught me so much and I am a better person because I grew up with a loving, kind, and generous man as my Daddy. I think about you all the time. Me and Landon talks about you. I make sure he remembers you, and he does. You are loved and missed by all of us. ❤
I love you Daddy and miss you so very much.
I miss you much, Turtle!! Love Skinny Legs
Daddy, Damien and I miss you so very much. Not a day goes by that I don't think about you. The selfish part of me wishes that you were still here with us. But the loving part of me knows that your in a better place watching down on us. The days are going by and this never seems to get any easier. I love you and miss you much.
One of the hardest things a child will ever face is losing a parent, and even more so when that parent was their best friend.   Not a day, a minute, nor second goes by that I don't miss you daddy.  My life stopped the day your stopped.  I miss you so very much that there are no words to describe the feelings.   If our love alone could bring you back...you would have never journey on.  But God has His own plans for our life and He saw fit to call you into eternal rest.  Something I still have not been able to accept.  The hardest part about death is never ever being able to be with the person again, never able to hear their voice again, or never able to  call them again....my how I wished that awful day had never came our way.  I love you soooooo much.   In fact, my love shall remain the same.  In life you were my hero, my best friend, my dad.....in death....you shall still remain the same.
You are my mom i love you im so sorry i gave you so much greif growing up i miss you wish i could see you talk too you i no your not alone you have so many family members with you sue i miss her so much tell herwe love her
Wow 5 years, you still are missed here at the bus barn, I still occasionally run into a child I'm driving that says " did you know Betsy?" I miss you, you set s great example to me when I started driving bus on what a great bus driver to special need children should look like. RIP Betsy you will always be remembered❤️
My goodness, Besty was one of the best bus drivers I knew. Her kindness to children of all ages and to her fellow drivers and me, the Secretary at the bus barn, was the most wonderful thing about her. She always laughed at our sometimes foolishness and was always ready to lend a hand if needed. It had special meaning to me that she was a twin since, I too, had a twin who passed away way too soon. We used to sign our correspondance with, "your better half" in teasing, but being a twin was oh, so special. I know she loved her twin sister dearly and I can empathize with your loss, Betty. But you will see her again and you will then be with "your other half" for eternity. Your special love is eternal and God has blessed you both with that eternal love. May Besty rest comfortably in heaven and you, Betty, find comfort in the joy of that thought.  An old friend...Bonnie Victoria
I drove school bus with Betsy, and she was always such a kick, she brought so much laughter to all of us at the Bus Room...and I believe we all Missed her..and we so enjoyed hearing about all those trips you her sister went on... and we knew how hard it would be for you and the family, because she always talked about you all. it was like we all ready knew you!! she had the Greatest love for her family.. God Bless you all
I don't remember ever seeing Betsy without a smile. She would always sit in one particular chair at work and would greet us all with her  beautiful smile. She wasn't very tall in the driver's seat but you knew it was her because of her wave and teethy smile;) It wasn't the same seeing the van she drove without her in it. Betsy, I love you and miss you so much and I'm thankful you're watching over Betty. Thank you for whispering in God's ear so that I got to meet your most awesome sissy today and to be able to see these wonderful pictures of you and your family. God bless you and keep you in his healing arms
Cliff and I love to remember all the good times we got to share with you. We love you and miss you always.
Betsy you may be gone but you will never be forgotten. Miss You so very much! One day will see each other again. Make sure we have a table ready in Chus Heaven, we will have new stories to tell. Love and Miss you Sweetie
Betsy, I miss you. Always enjoyed the walk we use to take. Remembering the birthdays together out at Island Café.
Time may pass and fade away, but memories of your Smile will ALWAYS  stay. We will forever miss you Betsy
Oh Betsy what can I say, I miss you. You and Momma Betty were a big part of my childhood, camping at Suttle lake, thanksgiving, and hanging out at the property. Oh and let's not forget every summer weekend at the river. Thank you for the memories. Big love
I miss you Aunt Betsy, I wish we could have had more time together. I love you and look forward to seeing you again in the end.
I wish we would have known one another better. I have found a wonderful friend in Betty, and love to hear stories of the two of you.  Rest well knowing how deeply you are loved and missed.
Love You Sis &amp; miss You so much,
Love and Miss you Betsy! ❤️
Happy birthday my love hope you're dancing and being goofey up there! I love and miss you so damn much!! I need you!
UNCLE WAYNE YOU WILL SURELY BE MISSED.PRAYERS TO AUNT GERRY AND FAMILY. AMY,JUNE AND FAMILIES
I miss you Sarah Mae I find myself going to look for the birthday card for you. I try not to cry but the tears come anyway. I say to myself dear Lord I must walk on the comfort I have is knowing you are in a better place. I don't have any regrets now that you are gone life purpose has ended so I must focus on directions from God. We will join together one day. RIP my love
Sometimes it feels cold And I feel all alone But I hold on cause better days are coming. You know in this world it can be rough it ain't easy but I'm hanging on in there. Family and Friends will leave you I don't worry  anymore Because I know better days are coming. I keep on smiling cause everything is gonna be alright. Better days are coming. Rest My Sister cause Better days are coming
I thought about you all week. I miss you so much we were real sisters we didn't agree on everything but we love each other. I did find out about the changes you went through with other siblings. I hope and pray you are resting now and all the heartaches are gone. May the peace of God be with you.
To my sister Sarah I went visit your grave today I left the gold ribbon that remind of us growing up together Mama always put ribbons on our ponytails so we could always look the way little girls suppose to.  It hurt my heart today but I remember what you said to me one time till we meet again till we meet again God will be with you till we meet again.
To my sister I miss you today I thought about the love we share the secrets we told each other.  I found myself looking for a birthday card we usually exchange for each others birthday. I read the one you gave me last year the tears was falling as I read it. I learn some lessons from you, you taught me very well and today I feel lonely because you are not here. Sleep, Sleep my sister I will love you forever.
Forever Gonna Miss You Baby Bro
I miss you so very much. I have picked up phone several times to call but realizing you not there anymore. I miss you, saying " call me Baby girl, call me now ". You were Love so Deeply by many....
Happy Birthday Twin .... I miss you so much, there's not a day goes by that I wish you where still here ! If you get this message I just wanna say II LOVE YOU DANA AKA D.L
Dana and Darren Twins always!
My only daughter. My heart aches without  you, i miss you so much. You are my love now and forever.
Evelyn and family... I was so sorry to hear about the loss of Greg. Greg was a big part of my teenage and high school years and it breaks my heart to hear that he is gone.. May God's peace and grace be with you and your family during this time...Lots of love and hugs,
Prayers  be with your  family, no more pain, suffering  or sorrow .
Dan was an amazing historian of lighting fixtures. I believe he had the best collection of antique lighting in the country. I spent so much time talking with him and becoming friends with him over many lighting transactions for me and my clients. he is sorely missed.
Missing you Grandpa Dan... 3
Thinking of you Dan, on what would have been your Birthday. I still can't go to the beach without remembering the good times we had at Nauset. And I miss you every time I go! And I always feel your presence there...
I am so sad to hear of Dan's passing.  I found the shop over 20 years ago, when we bought our beloved little saltbox and Dan became my enthusiastic mentor for lighting fixtures of every kind for the house.  I loved his honesty and that exceptionally charming New England trait of not suffering fools gladly.  I always looked forward to visiting the shop because I learned something every time - he had an encyclopedic knowledge of where everything came from and would patiently and happily explain, like a proper teacher.  This past Spring, we finally had enough money to do a facelift of the part of the kitchen that was not original to the house (and therefore was falling apart) and my husband and I went to see what Dan might have that could hang over the sink.  He helped us choose a fixture made in Nebraska in the 30's that is literally the crown jewel of the kitchen.   Rest in peace Dan.  You will always be remembered with great affection and with a smile.
I am so sorry to hear about Dan's passing.  His memory will live on in my home every time I look at the beautiful lighting he provided to us.  I wish you good luck as you continue to curate his collection and run his business. A grateful customer in Chatham, Jill
My wife Katy and I adored Dan as much as the incredible lighting at the store which we found irresistible. Knowing the story behind each fixture was a treat, but knowing the story behind the man, and that his "kids" will carry on, is a real comfort.  Our hearts go out to Deanna and Heather and we will see you again before long at Dan's place!
Heather, Jonathan, and Deanna, I am so sorry for your loss. He left quite a legacy. Love Cousin Jean Marquis
I'm so very sorry to hear about Dan's passing. Dan rewired many antique fixtures for me and I always enjoyed chatting with him about antique homes, lighting, etc. He will be greatly missed...
o the Johnson family  We are very sorry for your loss. Dan was a customer of ours since 1982.  We always referred to him as Dan at Continuum.  He would always call his orders in so we always got to talk to him.  He was a great man and taught us a few things about lamps.  We will miss him. from all of us at WN deSherbinin Products.
My wife and I bought a cottage in Chatham in 1992.  Upon exploring, we discovered Dan and Continuuim.  Loving antiques , we proceeded to buy a dining room fixture, a floor lamp, a table lamp and a wall sconce which are all proudly displayed to this day in our home here in La Jolla, CA.  Dan was a lot of fun to deal with even after we moved west.  So sorry to hear of his passing and deep felt sympathies to his family.
The Continuum/Dan (the two were, and always will be, inseparable in my mind) was a regular stop during our summer visits to the Cape. My house and office are adorned with several of Dan's beautiful lamps and many of his fishing decoys. But for me, it was never just about the "things," the personal connection we had with Dan was as important as the goods he sold. His work was a labor of love. A visit to the Continuum was always a treat, even if we left empty-handed. Dan will surely be missed. My deepest condolences to his family and my best wishes to his two daughters as they carry on 'the family biz.' I can't think of anything that would make Dan more happy than to know that his daughters have chosen to continue the unique enterprise that he started. Looking forward to meeting you.
Heather &amp; Deanna I am so sorry to hear about your Dad passing away. I first met him close to 30 years ago at his shop. He was such an interesting man to talk to, that I quickly became both a customer and an occasional picker for him.A visit to Orleans was never complete with a stop in the store to chat with Dan and see what new treasures that he had.I know that he has had some health issues over the last couple of years, but he was a guy that you just thought would live forever. He taught me so much about lighting. I will be forever grateful for his mentorship. Please know that you are in our thoughts. John &amp; Joanne Riordan
Missing you today and every day...
I will miss Dan, we were business associates and friends for over 20 years and shared many a moan over the economy, the state of the world and occasional 'troublesome' customers.  His sardonic humor is just one thing that will be sorely missed.
My favorite beach friend - we saw so many awesome sights on the beach together, from whales spouting, to seals, to baby plovers, to rainbow waves! We saw miracles!!! We collected purple shells and sea glass, and enjoyed every minute. And I will always treasure those moments with him. Forever...
Yes a year went by so soon. I miss you, much more than I ever imagined. Definitely,  our intellectual, deep philosophical exchanges; particularly in revisiting  historical narratives  about our family history; and developing contemporary understandings..  Continue to rest in peace; bro.!
Just want to wish a happy happy birthday to the most brilliant theological mind,  I've ever known.  I can just imagine the sermons, you're delivering over there. I can also hear, Grandpa Vidal and your Dad Fred Johnson, saying to my mother;  Titi, thanks for bringing this rascal home... I'm  really missing our deep, intellectual and philosophical exchanges. But, I must say, I am moving closer to accepting. Sleep well, my dear cousin, sleep well.!!
You are a true spiritual father.You have always been there when the storm of life hit us so very hard in a strange land.you always there when we called  out for heip. We will always remember the every weekends you spent with our family.You shoulder a lot for me and my household.Who would we call for advise and directions again? We missed you very deeply.May you rest in perfect peace.
Goodbyes hurt more than anything.. Especially when deep down, we know we will never say"hello" again. Rest in peace my bro.
This is Mr Bishop Johnson I used to know......... who always encourage me to keep trusting in the Lord .Who personally visited many on many occation and tell me I like when you praying .I can still imagine our face to face conversation ,Not knowing that he will be present with the Lord so soon.  Bishop Johnson , your 58 years of assingment on this earth has been completed you are now in a better place where Jesus said He will go and prepare a better place for you . May your soul Rest in Peace
What a Man! What a Friend! What a Bishop! Rest In Perfect Peace Dear Friend - No More Earthly Troubles - No More Earthly Pain - No More Earthly Issues or Concerns - No More Bishop D. S. Johnson to make us Smile and Laugh. God has Lovingly Called Bishop Dennis Johnson Home, but Dennis will Always be Remembered! Sleep on Dear Friend! I know you are with Jesus - YOU BELIEVE. Amen  The Rev Simeon O. Johnson
It is with a very heavy heart that I write this tribute for one of the influential relatives in my life at such an early age. Bishop Shodekeh Dennis Johnson was a voice of wisdom for me as a child, an individual who communicated with me at a level I understood on any topic. There is so much I can say, but those who know him well will understand. May our good Lord Almighty keep you in his perfect peace till we meet again. On a lighter note, he had a pet name for me in private " Small Toby" and I will reply "Big Toby" I will always remember you, RIP.
The death of Bishop Johnson, came as a shock to me. Am still in denial. But who am I to question our Lord God almighty. He knows best and let his will be done. As a man of Faith, I know that he is with his maker, looking down on us with a big smile saying to us do not weep or mourn for me; for my wish has finally come true. On behalf of the Coffie Family, I wish to extend our deepest sympathy to the bereaved family. Our prayers and thoughts will always remain with you. RIP Bishop!
Your  Death is still  a shock  to me  it was too soon  but Jesus  knows the best.Your memory  will  always be in  my mind.It is well  Dennis sleep and take your rest.May your soul rest in perfect peace.
These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. Rest in Perfect Peace.
May God's light continue to shine upon you. Would always remember our chit chat whenever we get to see each other. Sleep on Shodeke and take your eternal rest.
Blessed are the departed who in the Lord are sleeping; they rest from their labour and their works follow them. Rest in peace and rise in glory Amen.  Deepest sympathy to all those who are near and dear to the deceased.
My dad x Was and always will be the MAGIC  at Christmas and new year x
I wish you was here so much u will never know xx
There's only one johnny diamonds and he is my dad x
I think u sent me a sign today in the college with shay whilst chatting Tia friend about past memories of a time spent with u and a song started playing by wiz Khalifa see you again so I looked up the lyrics and just knew it wasa sign u r with me
Love you dad. ❤️
My dad was the only man I kissed and wished a happy new year to last year and this year I can only wish I could do the same again
Thinking of you today on mother's day. I miss you so much..
I miss you mom what a beautiful and wonderful mother and friend you was I love you
Thinking of you
My father Rev. William Comer Autrey  loved his baby sister Elizabeth and my brother William Robert Autrey  would often call her in Japan. I know she is rejoicing with all our relatives who have gone before her.The Autrey, Johnson, and Lee family will truly miss her, but we will have memories and stories to share about her!
My Aunt Liz was a beautiful person with a good spirit.  I'm confident that she is heaven, reunited with loved ones who preceded her. My only regret is that distance from one another kept us apart.  My prayer and advice to all of us is that we constantly say "I love you" to those who matter most to us, because life can be very unpredictable. May God continue to bless and keep all of us.
Mom, thanks so much for everything you and dad taught us, to be good people and to love God.  I will always remember our family going to church on Sundays and then afterward going to breakfast or dinner.  The key was that on Sundays we were together - as a family. Although we are now scattered around the world, I always knew you were there if I needed you.  You're gone now and my heart is sad.  But I know you are back with dad and for that I am glad.  Love you, Mom.  I'll see you again. Gayla
Happy holidays cousin, truly miss
Mom today is your Birthday and all we have is memories .You are gone but never forgotten.and missed by all of us you were a great mother grandmother sister aunt and we never imagined life without you but until we meet again Fly High and celebrate your Birthday in the gates of heaven ...Love You and Miss you so much ....Rip Dolly
We never new you would be gone so soon.we all have very fond memories of you and miss u so much .Fly High Dolly may be gone but never forgotten
It's not  a day goes by that you are not heavy on my heart.I truly miss you so very much.It brings tears to my eyes not hearing your voice and  that cursing and Jamaican slag LOL.BE AT REST MY LIL BIG SIS .I LOVE YOU BUT GOD LOVE'S YOU MORE. MISS YA
Sis, It meant so much having you as a sister and best friend You will always be a part of me until the end. When times were tough you were always there It  brightened my world just knowing you cared. Seems like yesterday we were riding out and having so much fun I still can't believe you are gone. I know that God don't make no mistakes, he needed his angel " JJ " to spice up the place. So don't worry we will be alright in time, knowing we will see each other again on the heavenly side.  I feel  so blessed to have met some one like you and to have found a best friend and sister so special and true. Love you always,
Jackie it's been two years since you departed from us you are so much  missed and loved my heart is so heavy and lonely without you I miss you lil sis love you sleep in peace and continue to smile upon us.
wo years since you left us way too soon....two years  since your laughter was silenced and your smile became a memory. May God bless your soul and keep you in his loving arms
I miss you and I think about the times we shared. I will always love you see you soon JJ.
Missing you tonight you are heavy on my mind and heart.just a little note to say I miss and love you..ONE LOVE!
This candle will forever burn until we meet again love you sister.
I miss you my friend  Love you always
I only met you a couple of times when we all got together...cannot believe its been this long you have been gone. We all miss your infectious laughter and smile....and your sister hasnt been the same since you left. May God bless and keep you until we join you...&lt;3
Our dear son was so dear to our hearts he was truly a gift from God .., we often wonder how things would be if only God spared his life . We love you son and miss you dearly
Will always Love You in My Heart Cookie Miss You
A special world for you and me  A special bond one cannot see  It wraps us up in its cocoon  And holds us fiercely in its womb.  Its fingers spread like fine spun gold  Gently nestling us to the fold  Like silken thread it holds us fast  Bonds like this are meant to last.  And though at times a thread may break  A new one forms in its wake  To bind us closer and keep us strong  In a special world, where we belong. yes God have took you in His Arms But I Will Never Forget You and Will  Always Love You In My Heart Forever  Cookie  Love you and Will Miss You   Your SweetPea
Your family is in our prayers. She will be deeply missed. Your mom was and always will be an angel watching over y'all. We love y'all.  The Golden Family
My heart and prayers are with the girls and the rest of the family may God cover u during time of grieving and forever.
It's been almost 3 year's and now your Birthday has come and gone again.  You would have been 73 and I again found myself wanting to dial your home phone and have to stop myself yet again Mom. Every year I would call you on your Birthday or drive up to Kingsland Georgia to see your Beautiful face and listen to your sold spoken voice who always had good thing's to say about the people who you love Mom. I know that the Angels sang to you and you sang back. I sure miss you Mom and wish we had you longer here. I love you so much Mom and I'm missing my Mother's sweet voice who always would sing those County song's with so much meaning in your own Beautiful voice.  God took you home away from the cruel world and brought you the peace you were seeking.  Happy Birthday Mom. Heaven I know was celebrated the day you came home and on your Birthday I know that you have more love from everyone who's with you in Heaven.  Happy Birthday to my Beautiful  Beautiful Mother in Heaven.  Love Always your Daughter Debbey Fay Savage Monsour.
As Beautiful as the flower may be it doesn't even compare to the Beauty of you my lovely Mother. Missing you always Mom. Love Debbey.
My Mother was one of the most loving,free spirited and giving person who I am blessed to call Mom, there isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of Mom. I remember her loving voice in anyone's time of need. She had a way about her that smoothed anyone in there times of need. Mom never turned anyone away ever. If they were hungry she fed them. If they needed a place to sleep her door was always open. When at time's I thought she should tell someone no. Well Mom didn't know the word. My Mother had 6 children 3 boys and 3 girls and she loved us all in the same way but yet different to each of us we were here babies no matter how old we were. Mom has great grandchildren and great great grandchildren and she was alive when her first great great Grandbabie arrived and she was so happy. I miss her terribly always. We never did have a real service or burial for her. Her husband my step father has kept us from her. He has her ashes still in the crematory box and it break's my heart to know he's done this. My Mother had her 7 wishes done and he didn't follow them as he promised her. I promised my Mother I'd play Peace In The Valley by Elvis Presley at her services for which I wasn't able to do for there was no service for her. I miss you Mom and I'm so very sorry that Lemuel Johnson your husband has help you from all your children. I will set this right one day. Your son's are coming home and legally we will get you and have your wishes granted that we can. I'm so sorry Mom and I love you. You were the best Mom , Wife to my Dad Donald Savage who you had 6 kid's with and even after a younger man told you he would give you what he felt you deserved and took you from our Father and Married you years later you were a friend to so so many who loved you. I can only promise to right the wrong of the end of your life. What I will do is give credit where credit is due. Your husband Lem did love you till the day you left us all. The only thing that I'm at a loss for is why didn't he grant your last wishes when it wouldn't cost him nothing but a little bit of his time. For whatever his reasons I will set you free and let you filially rest in peace as anyone deserves to have after death . Rest like you should but until the time comes when I can try to be at peace and know that we ALL LOVE YOU MY BEAUTIFUL MOTHER. Your loving daughter Deborah Fay. Savage Monsour.
I still can't believe ur gone I miss u more than u could ever know I love u momma
We sent lanterns up for you last night and will tonight again. Miss you can't believe I have survived all these years without you. One day at a time.Missing you especially today sixteen years ago today was the worse day of my life.
MISSING YOU SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMUCH
I love you sooooooooooooooo much and miss you xoxoxoxoxoxox .Can't wait to see you again .
Dear Cathy: I received a message from Lynn and she informed me as to how important this information would be to you at this stage of your life’s journey. It takes courage to ask for this information and I hope it brings come consolation to help you reconcile the profound loss of your son Arthur. Let me clarify that based upon the circumstances of Arthur’s case he was only able to donate Tissue. He has touched numerous lives with the gifts and those recipients we do not have contact with. As you requested, the disposition of Arthur’s gift of tissue and I hope this information brings a small measure of healing to you after five years. Tendons and ligaments are used as grafts that repair a torn or ruptured ligament. This surgery allows recipients to resume normal activities with little or no pain and with increased range of motion. Twenty-four such grafts have been released for transplant. The gift of human bone typically results in the formation of numerous grafts that are used in various surgical procedures including spinal fusion surgeries in the cervical and lumbar areas. Bone grafts are used commonly in orthopedics to facilitate healing of fractures and rebuilding or remodeling of bone for total hips or knees. Twenty-seven bone grafts have been prepared for transplant. Cancellous and cortical bone is used in numerous forms of oral and maxillofacial repair. It is also used in orthopedics to facilitate the healing of fractures and the rebuilding or remodeling of bone for hips, knees, or other orthopedic defects. There have been Five releases of this gift for transplant. The Fascia Lata is used for urological and sports medicine repairs. Eight grafts have been distributed. As you can see, these numerous gifts have improved the quality of life for many people from all over the United States. Literally, from Maine to California. I hope this letter reaffirms your family’s decision for tissue donation. If you have any questions in regards to this letter, please do not hesitate to call me. Respectfully yours, Richard D. Meadows, Jr., M.Div. Donor Family Advocate LifeNet_HealthTM Transplant Services Division 3609 Saunders Ave., Richmond VA 23227 DIRECT: 1-800-847-7839 Ext. 1916 or 757-521-1916 FAX: 804-521-0461
I can hardly believe it's been 3 years.  Seems like just yesterday he was here making me laugh with some corny joke.  I am so grateful to have all of the great memories.  Miss you Randy.  Love, Robin
Has it been 3 years - really?  So sad - Just not fair. I think of you often Robin but do not reach out nearly enough. I hope you are doing OK. Really enjoyed remembering Randy in the photos.
Randy was a gentle giant, I miss his soft spoken nature.  I'm so glad to say he was my friend!  He will always be missed but his love lives on in his family and friends!
Happy 7th birthday in Heaven Marley Rayne Johnson.  Mommy loves you
I miss you so much my little angel. I wish you were here with me. You would be 5 years old and starting school.
I love you
I'm sorry for your lost
Mama you taught me everything I know, but there is one thing you didn't... That is how to go on without you? I'm struggling everyday to do this. U was my whole world weather you believe that or not, but I wish I could have just one more day with you to tell you how sorry I am for the way I'd been to you and to tell you how much I love you. RIP MAMA  you are so very missed by many, but most of all me. I LOVE YOU see you again one day.
June &amp; family,  My dad, brother, and myself were so sad to hear of your dad's passing. Continue to trust in the Lord and know that He is able! We will continue to keep you all in our thoughts and prayers. Love you all! Uncle Joe (Elaine), Scott (ShaWanda), Pam (Derrick).
I thought of you several times on your birthday. We never forgot to talk to each other on our respective birthdays. I hope you got my birthday wishes via our telepathic communication path this year. All my love, Bill.
Here's to my big brother, Bill! Bon Voyage! We shared so much together from our childhood teasing years to the major mutual friendship of our adult years. Bill and I will miss greatly the wise witty gentleman we always looked up to and admired.
We're sorry for you loss, our thoughts are with you in these difficult times. Love, Danny &amp; Mireille Wets-Labhaye (Belgium)
Missing both Bill and Jean now. What great good friends they have been to me for more than 40 years. A huge loss for all us "Johnsons," whatever our last names. So many memories. I remember him convincing Carl as a boy that he just carried around loose diamonds in his pocket.
Kristi and family, so sad to read of your fathers passing. Sounds like he was an amazing man with a very full life. May those warm memories be a comfort to all of you. Deena Harris
2 years today the pain is fresh as it was yesterday I no your better now but that don't help the pain I feel I'm in a world that's moving fast but I'm at a stand still watching as everyone around goes on with everyday life I find it hard to breathe life is so unfair I once found true happiness jus to have it all taken away as I stand watching as my whole world crashed right before my eyes helpless begging god for jus a little more time  to have u with me  so many things left to do so many dreams to carry through now that'll never be now left to pick up the pieces of my broken life  you showed me show much but never how to go on without u  an that I have yet to figure out probably never will so for now I'll keep strolling down memory lane to find my comfort zone till we meet again it'll never be goodbye for 2 hearts beat as one I love you hope your dancing in heaven RIP MY LOVE  HAPPY NEW YEAR IN HEAVEN
Well baby another anniversary without you its been 19 months since since you crossed over to watch over us from heaven an still my heart is still as broken as it was Jan 1,2015 when my whole life well to pieces right before my tearing eyes an shattered dreams I can't seem to make my heart understand what my mind already knows I feel so cheated out on life to have it all taken away so soon I no I miss u so much I miss the me I used to be when u were here I miss us our life together I've never felt so alone in a room surround by people an yet I still feel alone this is the worst feeling ever but I no till we meet again its never gone go away no other man can take your place so I'll contuid to do me an Bray till the day we meet again I love you with all that I am an all I'll ever be till we meet again I'll be loving u HAPPY ANNIVERSARY IN HEAVEN MY LOVE                                                     Love you wife always an forever                                                                 YOURS
Well baby its been 15 months what seems to be years I miss you as much today as I did the day you left so many things I wish I could tell you so many times I've needed u the days come an go but the pain still so real u I don't believe that time can heal I wish u were here to see how much brayden has grown all the things he's learned  all the things you taught him he tells everyone u taught him to do these things he ask for u daily still cries for u he misses you so much as I do to I long for your touch to hear u say Love you baby an everythings gone be ok  truth is its never gone be ok till I'm in your arms again  I Love you can't wait to see u again RIP MY LOVE TILL MY TIME HERE IS DONE
A one in a million!  I know you miss him.  sending hugs.
Today is our day 9 years ago we said I do now I only have memories with you the days we had together I will always hold close to my heart time or distance can't keep us apart you'll always live within my heart the last 7 months has been more than struggle I fight the tears to force a smile the days are long the nights even longer  to learn to go on without u is more than I can bare the pain in my heart is like no other everyday I face this struggle everyone says with time it gets easier but so far it seems to get worse how can it get better with u not hereso I guess I'll just hold to our memory until we meet again I'll be loving you
Sleep mommy sleep we love you and will meet you again at the pearly white gate sleep mommy sleep...your children and family and friends love and miss you dearly
Sorry for your loss Johnson family.
As each passing day goes by A tear falls from my eye With each day passing me A memory comes to mind Without you by my side Tears and memories compile Until we meet again My memories will form a mountain A mountain unclimbable My tears will form an ocean An ocean uncrossable You are my angel You are my light Guiding me through my days And protecting my nights You may be gone But you're not forgotten You're my angel now But my Mommy you'll be Until we meet again I cry these tears I release these memories I shall climb my mountain I will cross my ocean One day soon I will be at your side I will be in your arms I shall be safe once more Happy Birthday Mommy Love will be on the wings of my angel!!
Miss and Love you so much
My special Angel, I miss and love you everyday.
Thinking about Paul today.  Cannot believe it has been four years.  He would have so much fun with his son and "buddy" Noah.  He brought Noah to our home for an afternoon visit in February 2014 and we had hot chocolate and apple slices.  I know, strange combination, but I remember that!  I think it was the last time I saw him as he was just in town for a short period of time since they had moved to AZ.  There was never a lull in conversation when Paul was around. I'm sure he has made many new friends in his new home with his heavenly father.  He is missed.
Hey Paul, Thinking about you today. You're missed by all of us. In the past couple of years I've started having people call me Ryan Paul, as a little tribute to you and our grandfather. I'm the only Paul in the family now, so I carry on the name in honor of our history. I think about you all the time.
I first met Paul and his wife Jennifer at Compel Church, his bright smile, and warm hugs are what made my day. When Jennifer went to Colorado for a month or so in 2014, I came to know Paul really well. We had about 3-4 lunches and breakfasts together, just to hang out and talk. After collect groups at church, Paul and I always chatted about our weeks, and what we learned from the group night, We would sometimes chat for two hours on a curb outside a Starbucks. One  of the best things I remember about Paul was that when I was really sick for about three months in a row, and I was having difficult times withy job, he would always leave me a message on Facebook or call me to see how I was feeling. This left a lasting impression on me because I even though he was very sick, he cared about how I felt FIRST. I only knew Paul for 8 short months before he lost his battle with cancer. I will never forget him, and there's not a day that goes by I dont miss our conversations and wish he was here. Love ya man, and miss you so much
I'm thinking about all of you today on Paul's birthday. Sending you hugs and much love.
I was thinking about Paul and his family today and sending all of you hugs.
Our family will never forget our time spent with Paul. I remember vividly the very first day we met Paul &amp; Jen and little Noah. I remember his warm smile, friendly handshake and contagious laughter. Their family immediately became a part of ours. Paul was everyone's friend and never missed an opportunity to be a part of our community. He has left a lasting impact on us and on the Compel Church family. I see so much of Paul's personality and legacy continuing on through Noah. We love this family dearly. There is forever a piece missing and we anxiously look forward to the day when we will all be reunited again.
I got to meet Paul and Jen in April of 2008 when I started at the Club.  They were planning their wedding reception with us later that year, and I had so much fun getting to know both of them, along with his parents Carol and Gregg during that process.  I cannot say enough positive things about this absolutely incredible family.   From the very beginning, Paul was one of the most fun and wonderful people I had ever met!  He was always smiling, and always made me smile and laugh.  From the times he would knock on my office window to see if he could startle me (and he did!), to the time that he called me an "old lady driver" because he was driving behind me leaving the Club (then we started racing!), he never failed to brighten my day each and every time I saw him. He was an amazing friend to me, son to Carol and Gregg, father to Noah, and husband to Jen.  I miss him dearly, but know he is in heaven and probably keeping everyone up there smiling and laughing!
Paul is loved by so many. I will always miss him. I am so thankful that he has such a wonderful Family. I feel very Blessed to have been able to spend time with him when he was a child and see him grow into a man.
When Paul would walk into a room and smile the whole world felt like a better place. His energy and positive attitude was simply contagious. He is greatly missed and will never be forgotten..As for little Noah, well the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.. What a cutie....
I had the opportunity to get to know Paul, Jen and Noah on the few occasions our family would visit the Phoenix area. But even more than those few encounters, I feel like I've really gotten to know Paul a lot better once I started creating a video to highlight his life and reading the comments left by folks from many different places. Paul touched many lives and his smile did, indeed, light up the room. It is now lighting up heaven. Noah, you and your mom have been blessed with someone truly special, and I trust that your Dad, Paul, will be guiding you from above.
Jimmie Don and I had the awesome opportunity to share time with Paul both here in Houston and in Colorado Springs.  He always posed thought intriguing questions.  He was well versed in so many subjects we never knew what was on his mind.   His  questions would range from your opinion on the latest Tesla car to the latest style of western boots.  No matter where we started a conversation his love of cars and their internal workings seemed to be where we ended.  We both miss those phone calls when he just wanted to make certain we were doing well.  His love for life was always present for all to share!  Miss you!
I love you forever!
Love you Son and miss you!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH XXX XXX
Hi mammys big lad I miss you so much David I wish I was with you most days that's if there is  another place my darling it kills me to think you were taken for nothing xxx
I love you so much 34years son and still it's no easier to wake up without you here or go to sleep without crying for you xxxx mammy it seems strange writing mammy as you'd be 32 years old now but to me you will always be mammys blue eyed boy.xxxx Your big sister Rachael sent me a picture of blueblells as I've told her lots about you .Love you big lad xxx
I'm up in Scotland little man and you would of loved it xxxx love you 4 ever mammy xxx
I am so sorry.  I should have been a better friend to you.  I let physical distance come between us.  I did not call you as much as I should have, and I did not even know you were sick.  You would have been the first one to call me out on this, to want to know why I didn't call you...and I couldn't even give you a good answer. But I did love you.  You were one of the best friends I have had in my adult life because you loved me and supported me.  You were a better friend to me than I was to you, JJ.  I'm sorry.  I'm so sorry. I will think of you when my chihuaha does something adorable, when I see a funny animal meme or video, and when I drive by the Glitter Box. I love you Elmo Sparkle Butt and I am so sorry that i was not as good a friend to you as you were to me.
Jean, I just got back from vacation and heard about the loss of your mother. I wanted to reach out to you and your family and tell you that my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family. God Bless and God Speed during this difficult time. Venzil Browne and family.
Kristi, Thinking of you and your family in your time of loss and sorrow.  Sending caring thoughts and encouragment to you all.
Kristi,     My thoughts and prays are with you and your family at this time of loss.  Your fond memories will keep your mother alive in your hearts.  She is now your guardian angel. Much Love,       Susan
Earth has no sorrow that Heaven cannot Heal". What a tribute of fond memories of your mother. Prayers of comfort and encourgement to you all in this time.  Blessing Silver Spring Team
Dearest Kristi and Family, Mom, was such a" LADY". Always the shinning star at all events. I will always think of her on every Christmas Eve having shrimp and champayne celebrating her birthday. Forever my glass will  be raised to honor her .  Her life has alway been filed with family, friends and the wonders of the world. I can only strive to accomplish what she had mastered. Love to all, The Crough Family
We're sorry for you loss and wish you all the strenght in these difficult times. Love, Danny &amp; Mireille Wets-Labhaye (Belgium)
What a lovely tribute for a lovely lady. She will be missed. Those we love remain with us For love itself lives on. Cherished memories never fade Because one loved is gone. Those we love can never be More than a thought apart. For as long as there is a memory They live on in our heart. Love from Bill and Joyce Cochran
Daddy, I miss you dearly, May the Peace of God whom you have served all your life remain with you..
Ok sunny Boy you got your mama we did the best we could and thankGod for the time we shared with her rest easy will see you soon love you guys forever and a day
Hey My Big Brother You Have Your Mother With You Now sonny Boy I Miss You So Much Getting In My Business  I Love You Enjoy Mother
me moves on but my heart stay the same it's empty until the day we meet againforever and a day my plruck I would love you
I miss you my buddy I miss you my friend my love for you will never end happy birthday pluck sign with undying love your sister i know it was your only way out there's a blessing in every lesson
Love you Pluck
IkieI I miss you so much words could never explain still wait for your call every morning  forever my pluck
Not a brother by blood but by love...separated only by death not from  memories.... Love you Ike.... until another time you hold a special place in my heart
Happy Birthday Hij... Today is the day we always pick something fun or new to do ....so its day one of Kindergarten....She is excited and nervous at the same time. Wishing you were here to help me give her this lil push she needs to be brave.... but she's more than ready..... we love you &amp; wish you were here.....
Happy Fathers Day.... I hope wherever you are, you’re celebrating...
Thinking of you &amp; missing you still..... Ayla has picked a new nickname for herself.... “Cupcake Bunny”..... lol.....I wish we still had you....I’m still sad and angry... I hope you’re at peace Cutiful
It's Daddy Daughter Dance season....*sigh*tears*....imu... She calls guys with bald heads "Ahija".  ;(
Just thinking of you...as usual.... Remembering the laughter, the fun, the movies, the tossing money down the drain at Greektown lol....the love....I miss all of that....
Happy Happy Birthday... I watched 12 hit and I couldn't hold back. I thought it would get easier in time, I'm still waiting! Thank you for all the cues letting me know you're not far. Next time you visit my dreams I need you to stay longer we have some catching up to do!
Happy Birthday Hij, I hope you saw your baby girl pick out your cake and say Happy Birthday to you.  You would be very proud of your lil Princess and goodness she has your sweet tooth.  Today is your day, I hope wherever you are your heart is smiling. There's a lot of people that love you &amp; celebrate you.  I still think about "what if" everyday,.... I love you and we miss you....  xoxoxo.....Cutiful....
Happy Father's Day!! In our hearts and thoughts everyday. We love you and wish you were here.
I almost made it without a tear.....but nope.....tried to stay busy ...nope.....tried to stay off Facebook uh uh...still caught up to me. I honestly had to pull back from coming on here as much because for so long i felt stuck in my grief...like i cant move forward.  But I'm getting better....Ayla is not giving me a choice with her lil busy self. I thank God for her and i love reflecting on our memories....but it still hurts......I really thought i had a few things figured out,....nope, gotta start over. I love you big head!  My Grammie is up there now.....give her a hug from us!! "Cutiful"
Continue to rest well Nephew.. I Love you back to live frfr
Still not a day that goes by.... Still missing and loving you....
There are so many special things happening in your memory today. :)) Happy Birthday Hij xoxoxo
I've decided that EVERY year on your birthday we'll kick it up a notch. We've done cake and ice cream but now we'll incorporate something "new"....so Ayla's getting her ears pierced. :) I hope you can see her, hear me..... something.....we love and miss you.  This is so hard......
Almost your birthday....   Thinking of you always
I hope you are seeing this little girl. Your twin, the older she gets ...the more you come through. Makes me happy and sad at the same time,.... She loves to sing and dance and she's funny....very smart.  She has your quick wit.....  Good things are happening, wish you were here to be a part of it.  We love you.
Happy Father's Day.   We love you, miss you and wish you were here.....
Still missing you.....thinking of you.......you should be here.....
Still holding on to the cards and poems you gave me...missing that call...you gave me the GREATEST GIFT.  We miss and love you.
Ayla is so funny, she's very smart and has a very determined spirit.  If she gets into trouble, she calls for her Daddy...I guess to get me into trouble. I just tell her again Daddy went to heaven and we can't see him. She gets really sad, so she seems to understand. I don't want her upset or sad, but I have to explain why she doesn't see you.  She see's all the Dad's at school and says she wants hers....I just tell her I want Daddy too and I'm sorry.  We love you, miss you and wish you were here.
I'm not sure what God's plan is...I feel confused and lost.  Just gotta keep praying.  I love you and I miss you.
I really hate coming here.....not seeing you is unreal. I feel so robbed.  Ayla still knows you and asks for you....you're with us....I just hate our future is gone.... I love you Ahija.
We will love you always.....
This has been a long year..... I'll never stop thinking of you.... I just wish the sadness will subside a bit ;)
She's been asking for you.... Breaks my heart. :(
Gonna miss getting that call.  Happy New Year!!!  Hope you're resting peacefully &amp; watching over us!!
Thanksgiving was weird of course, apart of me was just waiting for you to pop up somewhere &amp; I wanted my sweet potatoe pie from Astoria.... I have yet to set foot anywhere near Greektown.....I don't know why my brain won't accept your gone.... I'm just still waiting...... I don't know on what though.... I feel like I'm still on the verge of breaking down....I don't know if I'm still bottling up my emotions....I've cried, and cried but I can't let go. it's not time yet i guess..... you're still apart of my thoughts everyday &amp; Ayla and I speak about you all the time.  She sees your picture and says "My Daddy".... so she knows you.....
Still struggling....I can't believe I'll never see you again. I keep thinking how unfair it was, for you to be taken away like that. I don't know if it would've been easier losing you to an illness, or whatever.... But to just in an instant realize that you're gone forever. It's so unfair.  What am I going to tell our daughter? She knows you're her Daddy and that you're in Heaven, but as she gets older....how am I going to explain what happened. Why it happened? I just don't have the words. When I think what life would've been like 5, 10yrs from now, it just breaks my heart. I think about what I have in both of my parents and it devastates me that Ayla wont have that. The coolest, most handsome Dad....I'll do my best to ensure she knows you.... She'll be able to look in mirror and see you. I'm teaching her how to pray, so she'll hear you.....our Guardian Angel...
miss hearing your voice
Not a day goes by that your not thought of..... Ayla is looking more and more like you.  She's extremely smart - she has your quick wit.  She loves her movies, like you did. And an extremely picky eater.... Lol.  I have the best reminder of you in this little girl.  I miss and love you.
Sitting here watching a movie....and scrolling through my phone.....you hated that.....would always threaten to cut the movie off to make me put my phone down lol....it worked, for about 30mins lol
nother dream.... love seeing you, but I wake up extremely sad. I love you.
I still feel so lost,  I can't talk to anyone, no one understands..all those times you thanked me for taking care of our baby, reassuring me I was still beautiful after having her, and just listening.....you would just listen to me go on and on...good or bad.... I don't have that outlet anymore... so i am feeling so heavy, everyday... Ayla constantly says Daddy.....I keep asking her does she talk to you and see you, she just smiles.....she knows you're in Heaven...It breaks my heart seeing her acknowledge her class mates Dads... people say she is too young to know, but she does..she's growing beautifully..anyway, i miss my friend..I miss her Dad
missing you so much today brother. I need you to yell at me and tell me that i need to look for a better job. i need your advice on who to go to for my oil change i can't go there by myself. i only had one big brother and you was always looking out for me. And i promise to try to grow my hair out as long as it will grow no more cuts ok
missing you so much today brother. I need you to yell at me and tell me that i need to look for a better job. i need your advice on who to go to for my oil change i can't go there by myself. i only had one big brother and you was always looking out for me. And i promise to try to grow my hair out as long as it will grow no more cuts ok
Happy Birthday!! I got a small cake so Ayla can sing happy birthday to her Daddy.  She's so smart....she knows her Daddy and she knows it's  your birthday.  We love and miss you dearly.
Glad you had an opportunity to meet my cousin a few times, if you see him up there.....give him a hugg for me......
You must be showing up for Ayla, she's been saying "Daaaaaaaddy"....all week.   Happy Father's Day.   You are missed :(
Omg Nephew !! I miss you dearly .it seems Like only yesterday ....when I last heard your voice and seen your face it been 4 months now ...and I've thought of you each and everyday sence you've been gone ...I Love Nephew continue to Rip
My thoughts are with you, everyday...... xoxo
My love....
I'm deeply sadden to hear my homie is gone.  We go back from the 90's clubbin and Greektown, Floods etc.  Man a real cool laid back guy.. It's hard to believe it. Just seen him in January visiting home (Detroit) He came out his way to come over to speak to me. I seen him creeping over lol.... I remember both of us bust out laughing.. That's how I last remembered him.. Damn a good brother left here for a better place R.I. H.. God bless his kids/mother and family. ..
Christina thank you so much for this i am sure he is smiling from heaven at you for this LOVE you and Ayla and thanks for making me tear up again
I almost made it through this day, I stayed busy but not getting that call still hurts.  When we were getting home, Ayla ran away from me and out into the street. All I could think about was losing her too. My life would be over.  Please watch over her, over us.  It still feels so unreal, but days like this is a very painful reminder. love always
*tears*
Yesterday was 2 months since you've been gone... Even the simplest things creates a painful reminder that you're no longer here.  Last month when I was home for my birthday, outside of my dinner party, there was nothing I did or anywhere I went that we hadn't done together at some point...even down to getting my nails done...    Honestly being home just hurts, it'll never be the same.  I hope you're resting well. xoxoxo
Still so unbelievable....
Thinking of you.....everyday...
Gone but never forgotten. ... Rest  in Paradise
So unreal ! R i paradise ..Nephew ( Gone To Soon )
I miss you....
miss u so much !
RIP, Michael.  I'm sorry for your loss, Ms. Royes.
My son in heaven. I miss so much.
Deloris I can still hear your laugh. You were always so jolly. That is where Carmalea gets her happy nature. I remember Clyde as being more quite but a smile always on his face. Two very good people.
Miss you mom. There is a vacant spot where you once stood. But I know you are happy in heaven so I won't wish you back. But it won't be long until I will see you and dad. Love you.
Mom miss you to the moon and back. Love you with all my heart.
Pa we will never forget so many memories. We will love you forever and remember all the tips and things you told us. Just this weekend I reminded your son ( Chris) to use only Toyota oil and that you told us that. You truly made an impact on all of our lives. Thank you for leaving this up Eakes we didn't even know it was.  Pa we will never forget you. We will take care of nanny ( mama). Pa I will keep my promise to you, I always keep my word.  Love you forever and always pa. Thank you for 31 years and letting me be part of your family. I truly felt as your child also.  Love you forever Pa. Yoyo
So sorry for the family's loss...All of you will remain in my prayers...
Mom-Mom.... missing you so much more today.  Just feeling emotional.  Missing your voice, your smile, your laugh, your cooking, , your walk, your style, your giving.... just everything about you.  I love you lady.
Happy Birthday, Mom-Mom~
Love you, Mom-mom~
Loving you and thinking of you always Mom Mom - xxoxxoxoxx &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Mrs Mildred you are missed may you continue to RIP I will celebrate this day because it's my birthday love ya.
RIP, Tiven.
As I type these few lines I can clearly remember my August vacation as a young child at my uncle and auntie residence. My little sister and I look forward to being there. It was his kindness and love that keeps up going. My uncle you will forever be in our hearts.  Sadly miss by Pam, June, Lebert, Lyncoln, Lyndon,  Donette, Leonard, Lloyd,  Claudia,  Rocquel and our mom. Rip
On behalf of my mother (Carol)  and I we would truly and sincerely like to express our heart felt sympathy to Uncle Danny's immediate family... We will remember visiting him on sundays to pick fruits, and we would find him fast asleep on da patio in his favourite corner, unaware that we are  there... When we  finallg got around to waking him up he would reply "eh yall come, I'm looking out for Arlene, she gone to church." He will forever be missed for his kind, generous spirt... I love n miss you uncle... U were my favourite...
My uncle Danny would be missed for the way he pronounced my name, which i found to be strange : 'brooook' he often called me and i would laugh. He told me that the two o's joint together make my name sound that way. I will also miss the emails of encouragement he always sent me . Rest in peace Uncle
We will surely miss his warm smiles and kind advise.  May God welcome him in His heavenly Kingdom.  Rest In Peace, Mr. Johnson!
My uncle. I remember going at his home to spend holidays, myself and my sister. At the end of our vacation he will always say, " Look Dadoo two girls take this money and get your school supplies". He will always be remembered. RIP Uncle Danny
Mr. Johnson you will be remembered as a very Kind and Humble person and will be dearly missed now that you have entered into to golden gates. Enjoy your rest.
Mr. Johnson will be greatly missed but his warmth, kindness, and gentle spirit will be remembered forever...May his soul R.I.P....
God took you home it was his will, but, in the hearts of your love ones you live on still..... As you are in the arms of our loving Father , the giver and taker of Life.....MAY HE GRANT YOU ETERNAL REST IN PEACE PERFECT PEACE
R.i.p Dad; You surely will be missed, and remembered forever
I miss you, grandpa.  I hope to see you soon!  Please leave any sign that you are a hummingbird or any other life form.  &lt;3  -Julia
I am Donald Johnson's granddaughter I miss him very much and love him so,  I can not wait until I go and see you again I miss you a lot looking at all these pictures I am the one with blonde hair and bangs I miss you a lot I truly do I hope your living in peace and harmony up there I really miss you even though I can not visit your grave stone since I live in California, I still remember it in my dreams and I hear you in my dreams too! I see you in them too! last time I saw you, me and Ben were teens and going to pizza but we saw you on the way there you were a ghost but you were there, after we had pizza we went to a book store I remember when we watched the movie and read these books and we never would start another book in the series without you I really miss you reading those books to us but I won't finish the series without you. Right now I am 10 years old and its 2016 when ever you went to our house when you sat on the couch you picked that same side.  I am still living here with you.  Rest In Peace I love you Grandpa. Rest In Peace. Sincerely, Your Loving Grand Daughter, Julia
It was strange how I stumbled on this site today.  I am very sorry to the Johnson family for losing Don last year.  I knew him for a short time and I can say he was a really nice man and I was very fond of him.  Those of you he left behind take care, and hold in your hearts that you will see him again some day. - Chris
Carrie, Being way out in Denver, CO, for roughly the past 50 years, unfortunately Judy &amp; I didn't have a chance to get to know Don. Knowing you, however, we are absolutely certain that he was a thoughtful and loving husband and gentle and nurturing father. As such we are sure that God will hold him gently in the cup of his hands for all of eternity. Fear not, he will be waiting for you on the other side! ... Ray &amp; Judy Rosich
Hey Don, We sure had some great times together. The boat trip across Florida was one of the best. And how about the time a few of us guys took a ride and ended up stopping in at a motorcycle dealership. Much to our surprise, you bought that Yamaha. We really did have some good rides together for a couple of old fogey's. You then graduated to the 4 wheel ATV world and left me in the dust. Just so you know, I'm still wearing several of the T-shirts you sold to me at your garage sale. I'm sure I paid too much for them. We miss ya, man. See ya up there!
I have traveled many places in my 43 years and met many people. I can honestly say that Don was one of the nicest people I have ever been around. Losing my Dad at a young age, it was so nice to be able to look up to Don and see how he treated people and how he handled situations with such class and common sense. I will use what I learned from Don to always try and be a better man, and especially to try and teach my son the same. RIP my friend.
My sweet little angel Julie.you are one beautiful young lady.we all miss ya so very much.love and hugs.you are doing all the things ya planned on doing.
wow  its  your  36th birthday    today  happy   birthday  little  juile. you   sure  are   so  deeply   missed.  love you  and   we  all  know   your doing  all   you    wanted to  do.
hey   my little   juile  angel,you  are   very missed.love yah.
juile  you  are   missed   and  so  much  more   you  are  doing   all  you   wanted  t o  do,your  hair.we all  miss  you
my  little  sweet angel  juile,your  missed.love   and miss   you so  much,your   a  beautiful   lady  doing   your  hair you  loved  doing.  hugs love  kris
merry  christmas  happy  new  year   little  juile   you  are sure  missed.
HAPPY  BIRTHDAY  MY  LITTLE  SWEET   LITTLE   ANGEL  JUILE.YOU  ARE   MISSED  SO  MUCH  HUN.YOUR  DOING   YOUR   HAIR  AND  WATCHING  OVER   YOUR MOM  AND  DAD ALWAYS,AND  YOUR   FAMILY.  GOD BLESS  YOU   MY LITTLE   JUILE.HAPPY    HAPPY   BIRTHDAY  TO  YOU ANGEL
Happy birthday Julie have a beautiful day your a angle in the sky Miss u deeply but u are watching down on your family and friends U missed seeing Brittany grown to a beautiful young lady can't believe how fast they grow fly high have a lovely day in joy your birthday u are a wonderful beautiful young lady u are missed love Michelle brittany
MY  LITTLE  SWEET  LITTLE   JUILE   ANGEL.YOU   ARE  AND  A STAR   SHINNING   DOWN  AT  ALL  YOUR  FAMILY.WE ALL  MISS   YOU  LITTLE   JUILE  SO  MUCH.  I  KNOW   YOUR MOM  MISSES  HER DAUGHTER SO   MUCH  AND   YOUR  DAD.   GOD   HAS   BLESSED   A  VERY  PRETTY   LITTLE   GIRL  AND     YOU   WERE   GREAT   IN  ALL   YOU  WERE  DOING   IN  YOUR  LIFE  AND WE  ALL   ARE   PROUD   OF   WHAT   YOU   BECAME  AND  WANTED   TO DO  IN  YOUR  LIFE.  YOU  ARE  MISSED  SO   MUCH   MY   PRETTY   LITTLE   SWEET   ANGEL
n  angel  you  are  always  and  forever.  may  god   be  with  you  and   he  is.  you  are  doing   all  you   loved  to  do  .  miss  you  so  much.  love   yah   kris gone to  soon
happy  birthday to  you.  you  are  sure  missed  little juile.your  a  cute  little  blonde  angel.love  hugs
hi   my  little  juile   you   were   so   pretty  and all  we  all  miss  yah  and ryan  and   you graduated together and now ryan is working   in  the gas  station  where  you  worked  at   mooneys. hugs   its mothers  day.  i  know   your mom  and  dad miss  you so much
god  bless  our  little   juile you   were so  loved, your  mom  and dad   sure do  miss    you so  much. and  we  all  miss   you.you   would  of made a wonderful  hair dresser   you  were  going  t o school   for  that.  and    you  were   really   god at   it  and   we  all   wanted    you   to  do   our  hair.  never  got  the  chance for yah  to   do  mine.   it  wold   of meant the world  to me  too. but   it meant the world to  me   just  knowing   you.  you   worked  at   the  marthon  gas station  at   the   ice  cream   place also   in   there.  it was   so  cool  when   i  come  in  there   see   you   in  there working.   now   my   son  ryan  who  you  graduated  with   works  there  and  it means alot  t o me  too.cause  he   is   the  assisit manager  there  but  they  will  be making him   the manger  there   very soon.   he  has been  working at   those   differtn   johnson  gas  station   many  many  years and   im   proud  of  him.  and  i  miss   you    alot    julie.love   always   kris
God bless u, Julie u where a beautiful young Lady miss u deeply love ya
you   are  missed   little   juile.
your  a  little  angel   of   god my  little beautiful little  jewel.god is  with  yah  always.   you  are  missed  and  loved
you  are   a  beautiful   little   angel   jewel  now,  you  are doing  al l   you   wanted   to   do  and  loved   in   your  life now.you  are   an  angel  and  so   much   mor.   you  are so deeply  missed.    you   and  my  son  ryan  grauduated  together,and  that  was  one   special  day.you   are  so    misssed.  love always   your  neice  kris
Robert I miss you so much..I really needed you and I still need you..
I miss you so much. It hurts. I cant wait to meet you in heaven. I wish we had more time.
Happy 55th Birthday in heaven..I love you and miss you more than ever..I love you always..
I miss you more everyday..I love you..
I remember when I first met you at Hollywood I would watch you until you looked at me and then I would look away..I was too shy to ask you out so Melvin did it for me.Im so glad he did. I will always love you.
Well Happy Birthday Doedy . You are dearly missed by family and friends. You should know what's happening with me ; had a stroke last year my second and worst of all, but through God's grace and many prayers some from people who I don't know , I'm doing okay. Well this is your day my Brother , sure miss you being here to share it with us Earl , Jerome , Louin and Mother , also Naomi. , Micheal , Kathy and Trina.
Aldo I hope and pray that your "Soul" has found heavenly comfort and peace. You will not be forgotten and will continue to live and see the world through my eyes and life. Rest in eternity my Brother I love you and miss you greatly, Earl .
Aldo I hope and pray that your "Soul" has found heavenly comfort and peace. You will not be forgotten and will continue to live and see the world through my eyes and life. Rest in eternity my Brother I love you and miss you greatly, Earl .
Happy 30th Birthday my angel James I didn't cry  today but my heart is still broken with out you I  miss you so very much and your brother miss you  so much today we tried to remember all the good  times with you Hugs and kisses
I will miss you this Thanksgiving .Wish you were here my son we all miss you so very much
It's been five long years without you son I think of you daily do you hear me say I miss you James we all miss you so very much
I miss you Son
To my beloved family, we all will miss our love one but Bobby is in the hands of GOD. To be absent in the flesh is to be present with GOD. I grew up with Homer(Bobby) we all played together and went to school together. I will always love and cherish the  memories of our youth growing up. Only seen  him once after leaving Al. My brother and I  went to see him in Middle town Ohio. We loved him very much.
ove you and miss you my sister..
Hello Im looking for any family of Leeah Thanks
I love you now and forever my sweet darling angel
I so miss you my son! Happy Birthday in Heaven!
Happy heavenly birthday, sweet Jimmy.  We all love you and miss you so much!
Just dropping by to wish you a heavenly happy birthday!  You are always in our hearts.
One recent fond and kinda funny memory of you Jim~ On Sept 26th, Pat and David had us over for dinner, I had brought persimmons. Many were a little unsure of trying them, but you did! The first piece I gave you was too soft, so I gave you another piece. You liked it, and confirmed that they were pretty tasty. And you also reminded me that you didn't normally like fruit :)  I was only 6 when you were born, so we grew up together. A favorite childhood memory was when your mama would put you and Stacy to bed, and read many different stories, but I think my favorites were the Oz series!! So many many memories of you dancing to Sesame Street, and Disney records, watching JP Patches together, playing board games and many many memories in between, but Robby just reminded us of one of the videos games you used to play with them! I will cherish each memory, each story. So so many wonderful treasures!!  Then there was the time Bob and I had just met and we took you to see Bon Jovi in May of 1989. Great concert!!  You always were a big kid at heart, so truly loved that about you. You related to kids so well because of this gift God gave you!! Your heart was so so big and so so tender, that is one thing I will miss very much, your sweet loving heart, your sweet sweet smile and joyful laugh as well!!  ~Love you so very much, Jimmy! Love your Aunt Missy &lt;3 please save a game piece for me when I see ya next. I wanna join in :)
Jimmy, you were one of the kindest men I shall ever know. Always full of kindness and never judging others until you got to know them. I am still having a hard time believing you are gone. I only hope that you know just how much you were loved by everyone around you.
Precious Jimmy, loved and respected by everyone your life touched.  So thankful for the times we got together for family celebrations.  My earliest memories are of you and Stacey each showing up reading a book.  Forty years is not long enough for your loved ones, so we look forward to being with you for eternity in heaven.  Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
Jim was a big brother to me even though he was my nephew and we loved telling people that and watching their faces. He is missed very much. Love you all very much!
There are no words to describe the love I have for my brother Jimmy. I will never forget and will always miss you Jimmy! I know you are waiting to meet us all in heaven when it's our time. Give big hugs to Granny, Grandpa, Charlie, and Faith!
Jimmy, I will always remember you chasing us around the house trying to tickle us. You also introduced me to garth Brooks music which I love. I'm sorry you were taken from this world so early but God must have something special in mind for you. Thanks for serving our country. I hope you are at peace. To your family, I'm sorry for your loss and you're in my thoughts and prayers. Please let me know if there is anything I can do for you. Much love
RIP, Harley.
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday Dad!
Happy Birthday Dad!!!
Thanks for the Memories
Happy Birthday Auntie!  I love you more.  -bullethead
My very best friend ,I miss u terribly,its been 3 months and I still can't believe u are gone I know I can never evr find a friend likee u u were lovin,caring,and sharing I could never forget u and you kindness and kind words u could always find to cheer me up when I was down God bless your soul,my freind I wanted to see u so bad when u called me a couple of weeks before u passed and told me u were coming to see I felt that was the best thing could of happen for me,then u called and said u couldn't make it ,then it was tje saddest time for me and a couple days after u passed on it was the most shocking news to me .I always hoped and prayed we would see each other again before we passednbut I guess god had other plans for u .my friend u meant the world to me,I loved u as a friend,u are gone but I know we will see each other in the next life,I know u are still with me in spirit.love u much RIP
I still can't believe your gone. I'm pretty sure you're aware that not a day goes by that your not on my mind.  I wish I could call you and talk to you but I feel that you're with me with everything I do.   Each time we ended our calls it was always filled with I love you mores.   I love you auntie and I wish you were here but I know you are up there shining bright.
Think about you all the time Pappal! Love you and miss you always and forever?
My deepest condolences to the Johnson family. May you remember and celebrate life of Anthony during this holiday season! Thank you Anthony for your service, your dedication to your country and fellow sailors will not be forgotten. Rest easy, we've got the watch.
My sincerest condolences go to the Family of my Shipmate,  Anthony Johnson.  I just now found out the tragic news.  I served with Anthony as a supervisor onboard USS Kearsarge until I transferred in 2009.  He was always happy-go-lucky and one of my best Sailors.  I am terribly saddened by the passing only my Shipmate and friend.  I pray for you that God will give you understanding and peace.  God Bless you all.
My deepest and most heartfelt condolences to Tony's family and loved ones. I knew him onboard the USS Kearsarge LHD-3, and most of his Navy family is only just realizing that we lost such a dear friend.  I remember him as a sincere and kind young man who stood apart. No matter what kind of day anyone else was having, he was always ready with a smile and word of encouragement. I am honored to have known him. I'll be hanging an ornament on my Christmas tree for him, and keep his family in my heart during this holiday season. God bless.
Happy Birthday Valerie!!
Missing you badly today. Rest in Heaven, dear sister.
I miss you so much! I hate the daily drive home from work because you're no longer there with me...the talks we had on those rides. I will always love and miss you.
Another sister has left this earth     The second sis in our flock Her trials and pains have search its worth          that left all in shock She loved her life;  our Godly gift       and prayed for those she knew She meets with others as angels lift           her soul beyond the blue Meeting with family and friends of likes         As loved ones there await Deborah's gone home above all spikes            Entering Heaven's gate We shall meet again; as life is short          In heaven; life has no ends One day God's angels soon will transport              each soul our God defends 10/3/14
I will never be able to see an ad for a horror movie without thinking of Ray.  He did so love those as much as I dislike them.  We always had a good laugh about that.  A friend that will be forever missed.
Happy Birthday Ray!  I am sure you are in heaven make people laugh like you did on earth.
Happy birthday, Ray Ray.  Always love you.  Regina
Miss you, big brother.
Missing my dear Ray.  It has been two years and I still can't watch the Academy Awards...every year we watched together by phone with our ongoing critique of the red carpet.  I've (mostly) been able to let go of my sadness and focus instead on all of the joy you brought to my life.  I miss you, Honey.  Glad you're with Mom!
I have  been putting this off because I just didn't know what to say.  I've known the Jones/Johnsons/Johari most of my life.  I still miss Cecilia and my Dad a lot!  Ray too of course.  I was watching TV and a commercial came on advertising a horror movie.  I abhor these types of movies and Ray loved them, the scarier the better.  We used to tease each other about ever since junior high school.  It made me laugh to remember that, just as Ray was usually laughing.  I know he is in a better place with no pain nor suffering.
I will be thinking of all of the family today for the memorial. We will keep Reggie, Renekee, Cecilia and Ray in our hearts. Always, Ann
I recall years past when Judith Shoshana &amp; I were honored to be guests at Ray's sister Regina's home for various holiday gatherings, including wonderful Thanksgiving dinners. Ray had mobility challenges that might lead many of us to say, "why bother", but not Ray.  Keeping those challenges in mind, as I recall it was often Ray's style to arrive a bit late--always making his entrance with an excited attitude and wide smile, sharing hugs &amp; kisses around the table, and quite often with a fun story to tell that had all gathered around the table in stitches before he was finished! Ray's joyful approach to living in the midst of serious challenges is one that many of us could benefit by emulating.  I know he is going to be very, very deeply missed by all who knew &amp; loved him.
This song came on Thursday -- it made me believe that Ray was "going home" to Mom.  Doesn't make me miss him less.  Regina GWYNETH PALTROW LYRICS 	 "Coming Home" It's a four letter word A place you go to heal your hurt It's an altar, it's a shelter One place you're always welcome A pink flamingo, double wide One bedroom in a high rise A mansion on a hill Where the memories always will Keep you company whenever you're alone After all of my running I'm finally coming Home - the world tried to break me I found a road to take me Home - there ain't nothing but a blue sky now After all of my running, I'm finally coming... Home Well they say it's where the heart is And I guess the hardest part is When your heart is broken And you're lost out in the great wide open Looking for a map For finding your way back To where you belong Oh well that's where I belong Home - the world tried to break me I found a road to take me Home - there ain't nothing but a blue sky now After all of my running I'm finally coming... Home Home Home - the world tried to break me I found a road to take me Home - there ain't nothing but a blue sky now After all of my running, I'm finally coming... After all of my running I'm finally coming... Home
What can I say about my dear "Honey"?  We have loved and protected each other all of our lives.  We've always shared a love of movies, popcorn, music, the theatre, dogs and fashion (remember all of the years at the Ebony Fashion Fair?  You'd pick my wardrobe).   But, most importantly, you have steadfastly shown me that the glass is always, always, half full and that facing adversity was simply a part of life.   You have taught me that being loving must be a fundamental part of life.  Being caring defines who you are.  There are no limits to kindness.  Laughter nourishes the soul.  I have to believe you are in a better place, as I hold on to a piece of your spirit close to me - I miss you, dear one.  Nit
Ray, You have been such a bright shining light to so many of us. Over the years no matter how many months had gone by, you would greet me with the biggest smile, hug and warm humor. No matter what the weather, I would leave you feeling like I had been in a sunshiny day.      I sat with you last week and told you some of my favorite stories of the times we had been together. You were never afraid to speak your mind no matter who heard you. I remember once meeting you and you turned to me laughing (and you really do have a great laugh),and said...Jane honey, what did you do to your hair? It wasn't the best cut, but I had to laugh too hearing it from you like that! :-) it was so true. Thank goodness, I got it fixed in a few days!     All joking aside, thank you for all the love and support you have shared with your family. You have been there for my best friend, your sis, when she needed it the most and I have always adored and loved you for that. I miss you, but I know you are close by us all. Love you lots, Jane
My dear justin we will always cherish the fun times our family has spent with you. One of the favorite is bringing you to great wolf lodge last year. I will never forget the smiles on yours and the kids face. Byron and I will always hold a special place for bringing us together and even marry us. Still going strong 9 years later.    As much as it hurts to say good bye we know your in a better place and no longer in pain. I'm so glad the kids were able to see you to say good bye. We will miss you oh so very much.
Ray, you were one of the smartest men I have ever met and always cheerful and supportive of others.  I shall miss you forever.  Love, Mara
Ray  What a wonderful man you were. We were all lucky to have you in our lives if only so briefly.   Love from Judith
On December 31st it would have been my dad's birthday! I still miss him and enjoyed the days the Lord allowed him to be in my life. May God bless each and every one in my family. Hope to place some more pictures on this site soon.
I didnt know my grandpa like I would have but everytime I saw him...he was smiling
Sending you a happy birthday; Mom! I'm late with sending this tribute to you... I know you want me to live life, enjoy and move on but it's so difficult for me to do so....I Love You So Dearly; and I miss you just the same. Thank You for raising me, looking after me, showing and molding me; thank you for continuing to watch and protect me; I always feel your presence and what great joy I feel  :)
Dear Mom; These words can never express enough on how I miss you, love you and cherish our moments. You've always told me to never question God...for He knows all things...but I'm left here to wonder with no understanding on how someone who is as precious, loving, giving and caring as you to be chosen to leave this earth...to leave me. Today makes it 7 years that I am unable to talk to you face to face, laugh and joke around with you, to call you on the phone as we watched our favorite tv shows together...it brings such heavy tears to my eyes and my heart. I not only love you because I'm suppose to...I love you because you are the BEST mother anyone can truly ask for and it being a blessing to have...but I love you because I AM STILL BLESSED to call you MY mother...MY friend...MY confidant...MY supporter...MY guider and MY advisor...so yes..I KNOW that heaven has received such a perfect angel...it's just the human and selfishness in me that wants you here! I thank you for raising me, loving, caring and putting up with me :) and making me believe in myself for soooo many reasons...my greatest fear in this life on earth is to fail you...I PROMISE to not fail you; Mom! Thank you for continuing to watch over me and be with me all the time...I always feel your presence and it serves as an enormous help because You and God know I need it. From Me to You...I love you; Mom
Dear Mom; These words can never express enough on how I miss you, love you and cherish our moments. You've always told me to never question God...for He knows all things...but I'm left here to wonder with no understanding on how someone who is as precious, loving, giving and caring as you to be chosen to leave this earth...to leave me. Today makes it 7 years that I am unable to talk to you face to face, laugh and joke around with you, to call you on the phone as we watched our favorite tv shows together...it brings such heavy tears to my eyes and my heart. I not only love you because I'm suppose to...I love you because you are the BEST mother anyone can truly ask for and it being a blessing to have...but I love you because I AM STILL BLESSED to call you MY mother...MY friend...MY confidant...MY supporter...MY guider and MY advisor...so yes..I KNOW that heaven has received such a perfect angel...it's just the human and selfishness in me that wants you here! I thank you for raising me, loving, caring and putting up with me :) and making me believe in myself for soooo many reasons...my greatest fear in this life on earth is to fail you...I PROMISE to not fail you; Mom! Thank you for continuing to watch over me and be with me all the time...I always feel your presence and it serves as an enormous help because You and God know I need it. From Me to You...I love you; Mom
We miss you very much Chris and always will. I love you and know that you are happy and running free.
Today would have been your 21st birthday. Words can't express what I've been through today and the pain that I feel in my heart knowing that I gave you life, and now it's gone. I should have treasured you so much more than I did in life. When you left, you took a part of me with you, and I know that part of me will never come back, because for it to do so, you'd have to come back too. Eight months later and I still don't know how I'm going to go through the rest of this life without you. I love you Chris, I loved you then and I'll love you forever. Until we meet again my son, please know that you're forever a part of me and I will forever regret what I didn't do, and dream of what could have been. I love you, I love you so much.
Chris is my cousin and I didn't know him very well but his passing still got me down and I'm still upset about it... I love him still..... Good bye Christopher, you will be missed by many including me!! :,,,,,,,, (
Chris was my cousin. He was very special to me even if I didn't see Him much. I loved him dearly and he will definitely be missed! I love u chris
I love you Chris. I may not have been close to you but you were a very special young man and had so much potential and you will be sadly missed and forever loved and always in my heart.
I know that we didn't get much time to get close or talk really, but every time I seen you when you came to your moms house you always said "hi... Britany how are you"? And made sure you said that every time we seen eachother. Your family has such big hearts and love you more than words could ever express. We always worried about you Chris and now you can rest in peace. I hope you've finally found your happiness you've been looking for. I'm glad to be in your crazy big hearted family that has a lot of love to offer. You will be greatly missed.
Although I had lost contact with Chris, I was sorry to hear of his passing.  I wish you peace and comfort throughout this difficult period.  Beth Weaver O'Hara
He will be missed so much by all who knew him. Love you all.
Debbie, Ben and Matt, My prayers go out to each of you.  Lean on God's words of comfort, family, friends and each other for support. If you need me, just let me know.  Take care.  Denise Bowling
Kathy, Martha and Matthew,  May God provide you with peace during this time.  You are in our thoughts and prayers.  Mike and Denise Bowling
Karen well it"s Been A Rough Time You Passing Away on July 03, 2014  Then Bruce Sevier passed away Dec 25 ,2014 5 Months After you. Then  3 Months After Bruce Michael Dyess passed away March 01, 2015.  Wow I lost My close friends &amp; HUBBY.  SO SAD. LOVE &amp; Miss you . Love You Bug Boy  Dana Green May 08, 2015
Karen Happy New year Bug boy. Love &amp; Miss you Love you Dana Bug Girl  Jan 03 2015
MERRY CHRISTMAS KAREN .I REALLY MISS YOU SO MUCH. I WISH YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO GO. I'M HAPPY THAT YOUR NOT IN PAIN ANYMORE. BUT STILL WISH YOU WERE HERE. 5 MONTHS SEEMS LIKE IT'S BEEN FOREVER. I SOMETIMES CATCH MY SELF REMEMBERING SOMETHING WE DID THAT WAS FUN.OH YOU WILL NEVER BELEIVE WHO I RAN INTO AT THE 99 CENT STORE. SHE DIDN'T REMEMBER WHO YOU WERE, SO SHE SAID. BUT I DON'T BUY IT. (KATHY)  WELL BUG BOY  I LOVE &amp; MISS YOU. WE WILL SEE EACH OTHER AGAIN ONE DAY.  UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN  YOUR MISSED BUT NOT FORGOTTEN  LOVE YOU ALWAYS DANA GREEN DEC 26,2014  NITE NITE
I'M GONNA PUT SOME POST PICTURES  ON YOUR FOREVERMISSED  SOMETHINGS I KNOW YOU WILL LIKE.  WILL DO IT ON DEC 26 2014 AFTER I WAKE UP GOT TO GO BED LOVE YOU DANA GREEN   DEC 26 2014
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BEST FRIEND IN HEAVEN.KAREN JOHNSON  I REALLY MISS YOU SO MUCH. WISH YOU WERE STILL HERE. LOVE YOU TOO. YOU WILL NEVER BE FORGOTTEN  WE WILL MEET AGAIN. UNTIL THAT DAY COMES HAPPY BIRTHDAY  LOVE YOU DANA GREEN SEPT 16 2014
TODAY'S DATE SEPT 09,2014 KAREN  BRIDGETTE HAD  HER BABY TODAY. IT'S A GIRL. HER NAME IS SERENTIRY JADE. SHE IS BEAUTIFUL. THE LITTLE  ANGEL WEIGHT IN  5 LBS 10 OZ  &amp; WAS 18 INCHES. I KNOW YOU WANTED TO KNOW. WELL IT'S BEEN  2 MONTHS YOU HAVE BEEN GONE. I MISS YOU SO MUCH. WISH YOU WERE STILL HERE. YOUR BIRTHDAY IS COMING UP. &amp; YES I WILL BE HERE WISHING YOU A HAPPY BIRTHDAY.. ON YOUR FACE BOOK TOO.. I JUST HOPE NOBODY TRIES TO CLOSE OUT YOUR FACE BOOK.  IF IT GET'S CLOSED OUT. I STILL HAVE THIS FOREVERMISSED  TO TALK TO YOU.  &amp; NOBODY CAN CLOSE THIS OUT EXCEPT ME.  &amp; THAT IS NOT GONNA HAPPEN.  SOMETIMES I THINK YOU ARE HERE. WITH ME. IF YOU ARE PLEASE STAY.. JUST DON'T SCARE ME. I  LOVE YA &amp; MISS YOU. BUT YOU ARE IN MY HEART.  NOT TO BEFORGOTTEN . I WILL ALWAYS CHERISH THE MEMORIES WE HAVE SHARED. IN OUR 20 YRS OF FRIENDSHIP.  I DID GET SOME OF THE STUFF YOU WANTED ME TO HAVE ,  WELL KAREN MY BUG BOY LOVE YOU  I WILL BE BACK FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY  LOVE YOU SIS  DANA GREEN  SEPT 09 2014  9:40PM  GOOD NITE.
Karen I JUST WANTED TO KEEP YOUR MEMORY ALIVE. &amp; TELL  YOU HOW MUCH I MISS YOU. I WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER ALL THE  GOOD TIMES WE SHARED. WE HAD OUR UPS &amp; DOWNS MORE  UPS  THAN DOWNS. I MISS YOU MY BEST FRIEND, ALWAYS IN MY HEART.  NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN. OH LETS NOT FORGET BUGBOY. I LOVE YOU LOVE YA ALWAYS DANA  AUG 13 2014
16 years have flown by. Missing you is still as painful as it was 16 yrs ago. I am getting older and will soon join you. Till then know I love you and think of you often. Love Always Mom
Another year has gone by and many things have happened. New great granddaughter and marriage of granddaughter. You are always the missing link in these events. As the days grow shorter and years they  pass quickly it brings me closer to coming home to be with you. Your little family is doing well we try to keep in touch and have a family dinner together. You would love your grandchildren. Enjoy your birthday in heaven. I love and miss you every moment of every day. MOM
Another Christmas without you. This one would warm your heart your grandchildren are growing so fast. Your son Bob is the best dad ever. You would be so proud. Your oldest granddaughter Lexi is as smart as she is beautiful. The other 2 have sweet personalities. Axel Bobs clone is the happiest baby. He is scheduled for another surgery. I know you are watching over him. We miss you as much today as we did the day you left us. See you soon . Merry Christmas in Heaven. Mom
I can’t believe it’s been 15 years since you left this world I am here with aunt Pat and she wants you to know that she loves you so much and misses you
15 year have passed but not without emptiness that fills my heart from time to time. Tears flow when I am alone. My saving grace is loving your grandchildren. Lexi is still your clone and has some of your personality traits. Axel is Bob to a tee and Bree is such a little lady. Sometimes some days are harder than others but I seem to get through. The time when we will be together shortens each day. I know you are watching over us all and we love you soooo much! Mom
Happy birthday in heaven Michelle we miss you every day your mom misses you more than you will ever know
Happy Birthday in Heaven. I miss you as much as ever. Bob has a little boy Axel. You would love him he is a mini Bob. Also a lil girl Briella. A cutie. Of course there is Alexa your twin . She is growing like a weed. She is a bright, beautiful, kind child. I can't take you place but I will try to fill the void.Think of you daily and know you are at peace. I will be home soon and we will be together. So Happy Birthday. Love,  Mom
Happy birthday In heaven, Michelle.
LOVE YOU SOOO MUCH!!!! MERRY CHRISTMAS IN HEAVEN! MOM
Merry Christmas from your loved ones. I got to meet you new grandson Axil. He is the image of your son Bob. He is a joy as is Alexa and his adopted sister Bree. You would have had a full heart with these babies. I still miss you and think of you as you know. I know you watch us. Merry Christmas in Heaven
I wish I had the chance to meet you. Bobby shares a different memory with you everyday whether it be a song that came on the radio, something someone said or a movie playing. He always says how you would have been the greatest grandmother to your three beautiful grandchildren. Even though I never met you, I believe it. Thank you for giving me such an amazing man. We will always talk about you to the kids so they know their grandma is always with them. Merry Christmas Michelle, we will light a candle for you at our table.
Today marks the 14th anniversary of your passing. I don't know why I think the pain gets better it doesn't. My heart aches when I allow myself to think of you. I love you and miss you so much. Your granddaughter is growing like a weed and is as sweet as the day is long. I know you are happy where you are. I hope to be there with you. Love you Always Mom xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
Another year has passed without you. Your granddaughter is growing like a weed and is such a beautiful child. I always felt God gave her to me to love in the empty space you left. My heart aches for you every moment of every day and will continue to do so until we are together again. Each year brings us one year closer to our reunion.
Remembering you is easy I do it every day; but missing you is a heartache that never goes away. I hold tightly within my heart and there you will see that life has gone on without you, but will never be the same. Love MOM
Happy Mothers Day my dear. I hope you are celebrating this one with Jessica. You are missed very much but my heart knows you are happy . I will see you in this beautiful place. I don't fear dying as living is the hardest thing I have had to do. I think of you often and love you dearly. With all my love, Mom
Happy birthday in heaven Michelle  We miss you so much. You were the cousin I always played with as a child. You spoke softly and we're always kind. My memories are will always remain as happy ones. Your passing has left a whole in our hearts.  Until we meet again know that you were always loved
Happy birthday in heaven Michelle. My memories will always be when we were children and playing together. We all have a whole in our hearts since the day you left us. Until we meet again in heaven my dear cousin.
Michelle, Not A day goes by that you are not in my thoughts. I love you , i miss you and know my days are shorter now till we meet. I know you are around me  I feel you . The years have not been kind at times but wonderful things have occurred. The birth of new babies and passing of old. Your brother Russ misses you and speaks of you often. Be patient my dear I will see you soon. Love always mom.
I just want to say Happy Birthday! I hope you are enjoying it. I will send a gift to the Humane Society in your name. I know how you loved cats. Lexi your grand daughter is  growing into a confident and loving young lady. She is your clone. You would have loved being with her. Her mom has done a great job raising her. She brings me joy. I am sure you watch over her. Love mom
My cousin my friend I miss you so  much Until we meet again
Today is Thanksgiving but the Thanksgivings are not what they use to be. Lots of family and sharing. The family members  have gone their separate ways for whatever reason. I am glad however to have memories and those are the ones I keep in my heart. I miss you more today than yesterday.Soon my dear we will meet. I feel it. Love always Mom
Spring is finally here. I have been busy in the yard cleaning and uncovering the new flower shoots. Spring is my favorite time. Soon we will plant more flowers and vegetables. I usually plant sunflowers. They were your favorite. The bird love the seeds. I get to watch all the beautiful bird that come to eat them. Another season another year older and I know I will see you when I get home. Love you. Mom
Today is good Friday and soon Easter will be here. Some of the family will come to dinner. Today and everyday is a day to reflect on how much I miss you. I know you are at peace now and happy but I still miss you. I just wanted to wish you a Happy Easter. Till we meet agin. Love you much, Mom
Today is your birthday and I started a tradition of making a donation to Humane Society in your name each Birthday and Christmas. So Rusty and I will head out there. I also have a friend at Pet store who gives me donations for them. She will give one today in your name. I asked for cats as you loved cats so much. Another year passes and you are missed so much. Your sister misses you and struggles with it. Your granddaughter is growing into a beautiful little girl just like you, Happy Birthday baby!
Dearest Michelle,    I hope you're having a very Happy Birthday in HEAVEN! We all miss you here. Until we see each other again.. Love you!
To my cousin Michelle, Happy Birthday in heaven, and watch over mom like you have been doing &lt;3 until we meet again all my love
2 more days till your birthday! thought I'd drop you a line. I miss you as much as I did 12 years ago. I still see your beautiful face and I smile. I know you are happy my tears are only that I can't see you and share that happiness. I will write again in 2 days. Luv you!!!
Michelle another year is coming to an end and Christmas is tomorrow. It is still hard to believe that you won't be here with us. We all miss you not only at holidays but I personally miss you every day. The family has grown by leaps in bounds. The grandchildren have had 8 babies from 7- 18 months. You would love your grand daughter Lexi. She is the picture of you. I feel that God gave her to me in place of you. He made her a strong and confident little girl who will be more than ready to handle what comes her way. You would so love her. Well my dear Merry Christmas in heaven and I will see you when I get home. Love Always  Mom
My Cousin my friend,  The years have passed by without you, and yet time does not stand still. We grieve in our own ways, but my heart still skips a beat when I think of you
Christmas will be here soon and a time to miss you more than you will ever know. Tears flow every time I think of you, which is daily. Soon I hope to join you. The family struggles with their issues but overall we are OK. We all miss and love you so much. Your grand daughter is growing up to be such a loving and beautiful child. Thanks to her very strong mother she will be an amazing woman. Watch over them and give Jessica a hug for me. Love you always MOM
Your little boy got Married  October 4, 2014. His daughter Lexi looks just like you. My heart skipped a beat the first time I saw her. God blessed me with her. I hope to see you soon. Love you forever. Mom
Michelle I am so sorry that life was more than you could bear. I wish I could have wrapped my arms around you and  kept you safe. I know that you are happy and safe now. Life is the hardest journey and some don't make it. I can't wait to be with you. My heart breaks every day. My beautiful baby girl. 11 years pass quickly. See you when I get home!!!
My cousin Michelle My friend and bunk bed buddy when we were young. You will be in our hearts and minds forever &lt;3
Dearest Michelle,    You were such the cutest little girl with an incredible tan. I loved coming over when we were kids, we were all so close back then. As we grew, we grew apart but not in  our hearts.    I understand also how hard life is and we all deal with it in our own way. I somehow learned to live my life getting through the trials and tribulations.   I also look forward seeing you again, until then, I LOVE YOU!
Today is my handsome son 10 birthday in heaven I miss you so much and love you with all my heart there is not a day that goes by mommy and daddy doesn't think about you I wish you could be with us one day we will be together I love you Elijah Happy Birthday in Heaven my sweet angel
Just sitting &amp; thinking of the weekends when i was younger &amp; stayed w/u...I'm really missing those talks!!!! Missing u like crazy right now...
Happy posthumous birthday we miss you.
Happy posthumous birthday we miss you.
Happy 62nd posthumous bday Mrs J. Missing u so dearly. Love u more even in memory. Continue to rest well.
My Aunty,  Keep resting and keep smiling from heaven. You will forever be remembered.  Love you
Sweet is the memory of the righteous. 4yrs already???? Amazing God how wonderful you are in all ratifications. Through you, we came &amp; to you we belong. May God almighty, continue to give us all, the breath of life &amp;many more prosperous yrs. Continue to rest well beloved. Still a dream.
Happy glorious 61st posthumous bday with the saints. Continue to rest on beloved.
Continue to rest on in the bossom of your creator.
Sweet, is the memory of the righteous. Amazing!!! every second to me, still looks like a dream &amp; thinking u went on vacation &amp; yet to return. But the almighty God in which we serve, knows it all. Continue to rest peacefully in the bossom of our lord &amp; savior Jesus Christ. Miss u so much Mrs J.
The light of your memories shines bright as you are fondly remembered on this day and always! Sun re o...
maami! you would have been 60 today! The party would have been...miss you terribly! memory of you burns bright! sun re o...
You would have been 60years today ma but it pleased God to take you before now continue to rest in the bosom of Jesus Christ.
Humm!! Were do I begin from, Glorious 60 which you Wld 'Ve turned this day. But the author &amp; finisher of our faith, knows the end &amp; beginning of each an everyone of us. Continue to sleep on Mrs J. Sweet is the memory of the righteous. Today on earth Wld 'Ve been an awesome day if God had permitted. Happy posthumous 60th bday. Continue to sleep on my beloved.
My Aunty,  4 days before your passing, you spoke to me about your plan for this day. Your wish was to visit a motherless baby home with the intention to go with food and gifts. I thought it was such a good idea and so thoughtful of you. Little did we both know that you won't be in this world to celebrate that special day.   I trust you are celebrating in heaven with your contagious smile.  Keep on resting Aunty B. We love you, but God loves you more.
Continue to rest on ma, till we meet to part no more.
Sis mi. Sleep on in the blossom of the Lord,look back and always remember your children and husband.
Humm!! Another year passed bye without you. 2 whopping yrs already. May the name of the lord, be glorified for ever. Continue to sleep on Mrs J. Mrs Adebanke Adedunmola Johnson. God loves u more.
Missing you @ this time. Wish u were here to witness your first fruits Union. It is well. Continue to sleep on my beloved.
Thinking of u. Can't get over ur demise. Hummm!
Happy posthumous 59th bday. Even as u take thy holy rest, u are always remembered now till eternity. Continue to sleep on beloved. We love u but God almighty which you served deligently loved u most. Love from us all.
My darling Aunty, I still find it difficult to believe you are gone. However, I take heart knowing that you are with the Lord.  I can confidently say that you are missed by many, because you didn't just pass by on earth, you impacted lives.
Its a year already and  we miss you dearly ,may your gentle soul continue to rest in the blossom of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Sister Bee It’s been a year since your sudden demise. It’s been an exceptionally difficult and painful year for me. I lost two precious and dear sisters around the same time. I couldn’t bring myself to write a tribute until now. I thank God for comforting me with this Scripture. Revelation 14:13   Then I heard a voice from heaven say, “Put this in writing. From now on, the Lord will bless everyone who has faith in him when they die.” The Spirit answered, “Yes, they will rest from their hard work, and they will be rewarded for what they have done.” I know that you are resting in the arms of our Heavenly Father. You are resting from all your hard work, labor and Service to God. You were a faithful Servant. You have received your reward for all you have done. This is very comforting. Today we held a Thanksgiving Service in church in remembrance of your beautiful selfless life. It was well attended by all your family and friends here in LA. You were my BIG Sister that I looked up too. Very caring. You were fond of calling me “Adenrele the Princess” Always there for me and my family. Any time we spoke over the phone I always leave the call feeling very encouraged. I never knew you would leave us so soon. Your journey on earth was so short but meaningful. Your personality was so transparent. What you see is what you get. You were always very happy, joyful and full of life. Never a dull moment with you.   I always looked forward to spending time with you, anytime you came to LA. I enjoyed your jokes and humor. Your laughter was very contagious.   You were the ‘go to’ person in the family. You brought all the family together on New Years Day. We always had a wonderful family re union. You enjoyed sorting every one out. Including all your brothers and their families, your in-laws, your children, members of your church, your friends, your cousins, even people you don’t know. You were always willing to give a helping hand. You put others needs above your personal needs.  You even went as far as adopting one of your home help (a young adult) who had been leaving with you in Nigeria for decades. You sponsored her to the US sent her to nursing school. A few years ago you were in Atlanta planning her wedding. You played the role of Mother of the bride. You have since been blessed with several grand children from the marriage.  Everyone you employed as domestic staff have had their life impacted in a positive away. You have a passion for orphans, you always had your home full of children you were taking care of, nurturing them with motherly love. Sister Bee thank you for standing by me, encouraging me with your daily phone calls and text messages while I was in Germany taking care for our younger sister last year. Your sisterly prayers, advice and counsel were very uplifting, they kept me going. Little did I know that your demise would be just over a month after Moji’s. You were both very close. You had a great relationship together. I know that you are both in heaven keeping each other company and resting in the bossom of our Heavenly Father.   Sister Bee you are an epitome of the Virtuous Woman described in Proverbs 31:10-31. You are a Rare Gem, a Precious Jewel. Very energetic and spiritually strong Woman.  You always had the best interest of your household. Unc K, Tunde, Yosola, Supo and Bidola are blessed by your diligence and hard work.  I remember when you brought Bidola (who you refer to as the child of your old age) to US about 5 years ago, you didn’t want to let go even though we assured you that we will keep an eye on him. You kept calling him every day from Nigeria to wake him up, You knew his movement, his school schedule inside out. So you would always call to ensure he wasn’t late for his class or for work. You called to ensure he was eating well, sleeping well… During your last trip to LA, you went to Bakersfield to spend time with Bidola, you ended up making friends with his landlady and her daughter. You cooked our African food for them, spent time with them, counseled them and when it was time for you to leave they were very emotional. They didn’t want you to leave. They felt like you were there guardian angel.  You are very prayerful. I have no doubt that you covered every aspect of your children’s life in prayers. Your heart desire was for Tunde to be healed completely and for your children to get married and settle down.  I know that The Almighty God that you served here on earth has heard your heart cry. He will grant all your heart desire in due season. He will keep watch over your husband and children. They will not lack any good or beneficial thing. Your Children will all get married, become good parents, have good careers, business, do very well in life and continue in the good legacy you left behind.  My sweet Sister, I promise to always be there for your children. I promise not to stop praying to God concerning their welfare. They will all get married and do well in life. They will not depart from knowing God and serving Him.  Sister Bee Continue to rest under the bossom of our Heavenly Father. Where you are safe in his arm now and forever. You will forever be missed, loved and remembered for all your good deeds.   Sleep well my dear BIG Sister.    Ps 116:15 Precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of His Faithful Servant.
Its been a year already since your departure from this world. The memories of our friendship and all you stood for can never be forgotten.Continue to abide in the presence of God.Love always.
Yes, we’ll gather at the river, The beautiful, the beautiful river; Gather with the saints at the river That flows by the throne of God." Keep on resting my Aunty Banke. AKA Grandma Abuja.
one year today heaven gained another angel, there was rejoicing in heaven and so much pain here...we are yet to accept you not with us but God is faithful to comfort our hearts...continue to rest in eternal peace! you remain in our hearts and your memory is indeed blessed!
Exactly a year ago, I received the news of your demise. Amazing how time flies so fast. There is no day that passes by, that I don't think of you. Am happy our paths crossed but it is so unfortunate, you had to leave us so soon. My prayer, is that may the almighty lord continue to comfort, the families you left behind. Continue to sleep on Mrs J. Miss you so much my beloved as you continue to take thy holy rest. Na wa o. O death, were is thy sting, or death were is thy victory. Adebanke Adedunmola Johnson.(1956-2014).
Wish you are here. May God bless your soul
Happy posthumous bday Mrs J. Today wld ve been ur 58th bday but God knows best. The heavens are celebrating you right now &amp; we on earth, are celebrating you too. Continue to sleep on our beloved till we meet on the resurrection morning . It is well, it is well, it is well. Love from Tosin, Christopher &amp; Adeoye. Missing you now &amp; always.
Wishing you a Happy Birthday Aunty Banke. May your soul rest. We miss you.
You are remembered on this special day and always! The memory of who you were burns bright...sun re o maami
Missing you so much Mrs J. I wake up every morning &amp; keep thinking of you. Sometimes when I remember things you say or ur voice comes to me I just giggle &amp; laugh to myself. May you continue to rest in eternal glory. I still can't believe you have left us so soon. You off all. Na wa o. It is well.
Ma, though I only met you once, I still remember the day vividly as if it was yesterday. I am blessed and lucky to have met you face to face not knowing that it was going to be the last time. May you rest in peace; may God watch over those you have left behind and comfort them.
Aunty it's so sad leaving a note when i think about the sad nature of the contents... It's my prayers that you continue to Rest in Peace and God gives the family the Strength to carry-on with the Joy of your Well-Lived Life. Continue to Rest in Peace ma
Aunty Banke, I still cannot believe you are gone and buried.In my heart,you would leave on as a  great mother,a  loving sister,confidant,best friend,neighbor,colleague,wife, tolerant sister in law and listening ears anyone would pray for.You lived a short live but it was so meaningful and fulfilled.If I knew 2012 was the last time I would see you,I would have took my time to meddle with you.Good night and rest in peace omo owa.I pray that God will give the family the strength to be consoled and comforted.
May your gently soul rest in Peace.
Adebanke today your body was finally put to its resting place, your spirit back with the Lord, our Heavenly Father. The light and legacy you left with us will live forever. Our last conversation and prayers were towards the well-being and perfect God ordained life partners for our children. I will continue to stand in faith that the prayers are answered and settled in His word.  You were very good to me Adebanke, and you allowed God to use you in many ways in the family and community where you were planted. I never knew it could be this soon for you to leave us, but we are holding on strong in the Lord and His word. We continue in the blessing of having and knowing you, till we meet again at the feet of Jesus Christ Our Lord. Olakunle &amp; Adebukola Sonuga
Dear Aunty, I said I will not cry again due to your loss, but I must say that it has been difficult. Your plan was to stop in Atlanta for about a week so we can talk about everything that is going on. Instead, I heard about your passing 3 days after our long conversation. Aunty, I strongly believe you are with our Father in heaven and that has been my consolation. You will be missed Aunty.
Today 14th May in the year of our Lord 2014, you finally returned to your maker, The King  of Kings &amp; the Lords of Lord that you served wholeheartedly. Mrs J I miss you so dearly. So you have finally been laid to rest? Unbelievable !!!!. I still can't get over your passing. No one to send Christopher's funny pictures &amp; video  recordings to again. No texting back &amp; forth again.  So this is all what life entails. You came, You saw, You conquered. An Army Warrior has taken a bow. Adieu ! Adieu ! Mrs J. Continue to take thy holy rest as we would meet on the resurrection morning. Sleep on my beloved , sleep on.
To our wonderful, charming and loving Aunty". You were like a mother to everyone. Thank you for the love you showed us. I was stunned to learn about your death. I still cannot believe you died so unexpectedly. You went too soon but God knows best. However, as they say, the one who is adored the most by God is the one who achieves eternal life. We will miss you and cherish all the happy memories we had with you. A person that departs from this earth never truly leaves, for they are still alive in our hearts and minds, through us, they live on. When we lose a loved one here on earth, we gain an angel in heaven that watches over us. We extend our most sincere condolences to Uncle Kenny, Tunde,Yosola, Supo and Bidola. May you take comfort in knowing that you have an angel to watch over you now. Our hearts goes out to you in your time of sorrow. Aunty Banke will remain in our hearts forever. Wishing you peace to bring comfort, courage to face the days ahead and loving memories to forever hold in your hearts. Rest in peace Aunty Banke.
My dearest Aunty Banke, words cannot describe the pain I feel in my heart. This is all soo hard to take in. I just keep wishing you were still here.  I  will forever cherish the moments we shared together deep in my heart. I find consolation that you are in a better place resting in the cradle of the Lord. You were an incredible wife, mother and aunt who will dearly be missed. Your memory will live on in my heart forever. Rest in Perfect Peace.
It was a rude shock when i  received the news of you demise ;the couple of times i met with  you ,you radiated with God's love ,you were always optimistic about life,always had a word of prayer to say ,my consolation is you are in a better place where there is no pain or worry.Rest on  ma till we meet at the master's feet.
Kofo and Fikayo Olu-Ayeni Aunty I miss you. When I heard you were no longer with us, I was devastated.  You were like a Mom to me. Growing up, whatever you did for Supo, you also did for me. You loved and cared for Wale, Tinu and I. Though it hurts to see u gone I know you are in a better place. I look back to the wedding and all that you did. You were too much Aunty. I miss and love you so much. She was a woman with love to spare, always able to light up the dreariest of airs with her upbeat attitude. Her positive disposition continues to be an inspiration, influencing many lives. We find our consolation as we wait for that great day, when before the Lord we shall together be; never to be apart again, always in fellowship sweet; free from all parting pains, together for always and eternity. Love always! Kofo and Fikayo Olu-Ayeni
I love u so much mum.Thanks for being there for me and raising me from birth.It hurts to see you go but i know you are in a better place.I will never forget the kindness you have shown to me all my life,you will remain forever in my heart and memories..Even if your not here, i will still strive to make you proud and try not to let you down.From your son, b-boy.
The news of the untimely death of our loving wife, mother, and sister came as a shock and with great sadness to us. No one expected her to go so soon. We can talk endlessly about how amazing she was.    Where can we start from?  We had the privilege of knowing her well, when we lived together at the family house. She was a loving mother who took the interest of her children at heart and brought other children that needs helping hand to the family. She was strong, vibrant, charismatic, optimistic and highly intelligent individual, who gets involved in most family activities all over the world.  We remembered the role she played in the planning of our daughter’s wedding in Canada. She had the honour to introduce the entire Johnson family at the occasion.   Mama Tunde loved The Lord, a giver who travelled around the world to offer help and assistance to families and friends. It’s so sad that we have lost another good soul again. Though you are gone, your legacy lives on.  Mama Tunde you will be missed but we know you’re now in a better place with the Lord. Good night Adebanke, till we meet again to part no more.
Goodbye Auntie, you will truly be missed, I am so grateful I was able to chat briefly with you before your passing. You were always cheerful and had an energy that lifted others around you. The love you had for the family was eminent and appreciated. From Timbamba, rest in peace Auntie.
It's still challenging to come to terms with your passing Auntie mi. You played an enormous role in the man I am today. When people said "you can't" you always said "how can I" you always figured out a way when others said it was impossible. Your tenacity and perseverance was unmatched.  Your positive energy lit up rooms globally and your smile was contagious. You thought me the importance of putting others interest first and for this, favour followed you. I'm so Blessed to have grown up under your love and care. You will forever be missed, loved and remembered.  Love you so much!!!
Mama, Mama, thanks for being my mum. Thank you for raising me and trying to make me the best person I can possible be. I thank you for the sacrifices you have made for Tunde, Yosola, Bidola and me. I thank you for the sacrifices you have made for us as a family. I thank you for the persistent phone calls and the voice mails when I did not pick up. I thank you for always knowing when to console, motivate or chastise. I thank you because you always believe in me, even when I do not believe in myself. I am thankful for putting me on the right track. Mama, I thank you. I thank you for being an example of how to strive to be a better person every day. I thank you for being an example about how to help others. I thank you for being an example of how life is about always rising up after failure. I thank you because I have watched you in action in all areas, and I want you to know that you are my inspiration.  Mama, I most thankful for the conversations I had with you about your plans and dreams for your future, the future of your family; and for your country. Well mum, I have heard your dreams. •	I may not have your leadership skills: But I would try and learn to lead •	I may not have your eloquence or speaking ability: But I am currently working on it •	I may not have your self-confidence: But I promise you I would get better day by day •	I may not have your ability rise up to any occasion: But I pray to God to reach your level I thank you because I see your hand in the way I think, the way I talk and the way I act. I thank you because you have had a hand in shaping the way I see the world. I am really thankful because I have inherited your dreams.  I don’t like making promises; but I promise you that I would really try to cut my hair at least once every month. However, if forget to cut it, I would at least line it up. Thanks for teaching me about everything.
It’s hard to start a goodbye letter when you never fully got to say hello… My sweet auntie forever you’ll be missed. From a young age a genuine smile and a heartfelt hug. My life and others will forever be left  with what if’s, but knowing your strength and dedication to your faith I know you will be watching down on us with warmth, praying for our wellbeing as we pray for your safe passage into eternal life. From Papa you will be missed Auntie Banke
Auntie you will be dearly missed! Will never forget the impact you had on my life. All the times we shared laughs, how you used to do my hair. Your lovely personality, your laugh. The fact you always had extra luggage(lol). I am really sad you won't get to see me graduate as planned. I will hold on to the all the conversations we had. I just take solace in the fact that God is sovereign, though we may not understand He does.  You will be greatly missed.  Love you forever and always.
My dear Sister B. What a shock!  If I knew Thursday April 24th will be the last time I will hear you call me Aya Owa, I would have insisted you say it over and over so I can record it. And I would have stayed on the telephone longer. Anytime the thought of your passing comes to my mind there is this pain and the feeling of helplessness. I have lost a friend, a sister and a confident. You are always available with your  listening ears, your caring, support, advise and prayers. I will miss you greatly! After much agony, I have solace in the fact that God loves you more than I do. He gave you life to bless others. This you did very well with your love and  support.  He feels it is time to call you home, so be it. But I will forever, cherish the life you lived and the memories we created.  You always make people around you laugh. Your last visit to Los Angeles in  December was filled  with laughter. I remember you rolling with laughter  at our annual family gathering  in  Tunde's  apartment when watching 'The Adebanjos'. What a great time we all had together. You will forever live in my heart. As you always say,' It is well'. Thanks Sister B, for not just being my sister in law but my sister.
wanted to let you know mom that i love you and miss you. there isnt a day go by that im not thinking of you. you are the best mom a man could ever ask for, and im blessed that you are the mom for me.
wanted to say that im happy that you were in my life. i love and miss you dad.
As the years go by, there is a lot of things I miss about Larry, but the one thing that stands out is the love he had for his family. He was such a gentle man and loved by many.  He was always the light of my life.
Larry was a dear friend and a wonderful man . He could always make  me laugh . He is sorely missed
Larry , its been another year without you and Mikey I miss you both so much. someday we'll all be together again . Larry you were the best brother-in-law I really think of you more as a brother. You was there for me when Mike and I divorced.                                                                                        thank You I Love You Big Brother You are Greatly Missed.
Larry, another year has went by, I can't believe it,just seem like it. Hope your keeping Mikey out of trouble give him and my grand babies a big kiss for me and tell them I love them and some day we will all be with the Lord together. Tell mom and dad love them , miss you all
Larry, just last month I was writing to Miking telling him how much I missed him, and know it's the time to tell you.I just can't believe you two have been gone so long take care of Jeremy and Stephanie and mom will keep you two in line. I love you Larry you will always be my brother, that will never change.
Larry, just doesn't seem like it should be this long, you and Mikey have been gone to long ,but mom's there watching over you now. I love you , your family was and always will be my family.
Larry, you were the best brother-in-law anyone could want. You were there for me as a brother even after my divorce and a great uncle to the boys. I remember when you drove me to the hospital to have Mikey, some ride a wonder I didn't have him in the car.I also remember you putting lace on the hood of your car and painting it to get that design on the hood. I miss seeing you and talking to you. Love always from your sis.
Liz, it's hard to believe that 5 yrs have come and gone since you have been gone. Time only helps us to get used to the fact that you are gone, it does nothing to heal the pain and hurt we feel in our hearts. You are missed every day. I can still hear the words that you said to me at the last family reunion you were at................. 'IF WE ALL DIE, LIFE GOES ON ANYWAY"................We try to go on without our loved ones but the pain still remains. I love and miss you so very much sis...........................................
My heart is breaking today, as many days before, this year made five years. Last year made four. As I go day to day I miss you so much, I will love you forever my sister Elizabeth...your lil SIS Trish
Liz, it's hard to believe that you have been gone for 5 years already. I love and miss you everyday. I will always keep you tucked safely away in my heart Sister. I love you so much. Gone too soon !!!!
Liz., you have been gone from us for 4 yrs. now..I miss you so much. I love you sis., and you will forever be in my heart and memory.
This is for my sister Elizabeth Lorraine [Johnson] Blankenship Your life was cut short way to soon. I love and miss you   so very much. I think about you everyday. You will forever be in my heart. Love your big sister.....................Diane
Love you sis and miss you so much.Can't believe it has been almost 4 yrs.
I love you and miss you so much LIZ, even though you were the older sister by 10 years, seems like I would be the one giving you advice about life and things and I miss that very much...love you always your baby sister Rosie
Happy Birthday to my Beautiful mother Iove you and miss you so much
Happy Birthday Mom, I love and miss you so much.I wish I could hug you and give you a kiss today. Forever in my heart.
In memory of my mother Betty Edgell who passed away 23 years ago today. I love you and miss you so much..
Mommy today has been so hard on me.. Im missing you like crazy today,,,it has been 3 weeks since Wayne passed away and it hasn't been easy to deal with,,,I miss you so much and I love you with all my heart...Happy Birthday Love you
Mom I miss you so much,I wish you was still here with us,I would love to hold you in my arms and show you how much you mean to me.Happy Birthday Mom in heaven I know you are up there singing with the angles.
Happy 81 st Birthday,  Mom. I love and miss you so very much. You will always remain in my heart ,and your memory will never fade.
Happy 81st Birthday Mommy. I love you and miss you soooooo much.
Happy birthday Grandma Betty we love you and miss you more every day you kept us so close and always did like family dinners so we could all be together we still try to do that but still it ain't the same without our granny, mommy reminds me of you all the time and deeply misses you also we love you and one day we'll get to celebrate this day again together as a family there's nothing better than family time...
Mom you have been gone from us 19 yrs. today.............................Lord I miss you so much. My arms ache to hug you and my lips ache to kiss your sweet cheeks just one more time. My heart is so heavy today. I know that you're asleep in Jesus' arms, and that you're not suffering anymore and that gives me peace of mind, but my heart is broken today. I LOVE AND MISS YOU MOMMY.
Mom, this would have   been your  80 th Birthday. I know you are at peace and rest. Mom I miss you so much. I would give anything just to be able to put my arms around you and tell you how much I love and miss you. Someday we'll meet again and we will sing the praises of God in Heaven.........................I LOVE YOU MOMMY.
Mom, today is your 80th birthday. God I miss you sooooooooo much. I wish I could see you and talk to you. There is so much I need to tell you. I love you Mommy so much.
This is for my mother Betty, she was a great mother who loved her 9 children with all her heart. She had to endure so many hardships. She fought breast cancer with all her might. I LOVE  and miss her so very much. I know you are asleep in the arms of Jesus now and you will never have any pain, or  hardships again.
I MISS HER SO MUCH, SHE WAS MY EVERYTHING, BUT SHE IS WITH JESUS NOW AND NEVER HAS TO FEEL ANY PAIN OR HARDSHIPS EVER AGAIN.... I LOVE YOU MOMMY AND MISS YOU MORE THAN WORDS CAN EVER EXPRESS...GOD TAKE CARE OF HER...
Mom I miss you so much,there are so many times I would like to see you and tell you how my life is going.I think you would be proud of the person I have became and I know you would love the man that I married and have in my life.I am very happy,just wish you was here to share this happiness with me.God I love &amp; miss you so much Mom.When you left this world a big piece of me went with you.There is not a day goes by that I don;t think about you.You was and are the best Mother a person could have in there life when God called yo home he called the best.Until I see you again I know that you are in a good place.My sweet MOTHER I LOVE YOU.
So much time has passed by but I feel like we were just together laughing and joking playing music and smoking Just because time has passed doesn't means it has healed my heart we were better together never imagined that I would have to go through life without you
Not a day goes by that i'm not missing your laughter, your. Love  and your smile.... Wondering what life would be like if I still had you around..... Sleep in Peace Big brother
Happy Birthday Angel. Wow, so much has changed, but then you know everything happening bc you see from the best seat ever! You are so missed and so loved. There isn't a day that goes by your beautiful face and smile isn't in our hearts and minds. Thank you for looking over Mom and Dad, they need you most. We all love and miss you so very much. Until we see you again...
Happy Birthday sweetheart. Oh how we miss you! Things just aren't the same without you here, but I know in my heart of hearts that you are celebrating with Jesus Christ and watching over your loved ones until we all get there. Just know how much you are miss, loved and cherished. We think of you every day. I talk to and check on mommy and daddy every chance I get, PLEASE take care of them and give them peace that you are right where you need to be until you reunite. I love you sweetheart. Happy Birthday to you in heaven.
You where always there with a big smile, a hug and I love you. You are missed by so many people baby girl. I continue to pray for peace and comfort for your family. Every time I go in Wal-Mart I look for you :) But I never see you. For so long after the accident every time I closed my eyes i saw you walking towards me with a smile. I miss you baby girl. I love you and I'll see you again one day. Until then keep looking out for all of us and I'll keep looking for you &lt;3 RIP Heather Brooke RIP
To my baby girl the one that I held first an was the last to hold you 18 years was not long enough for me remember you always said that you where going to take care of me when I got old    well who now is going to do that I am so empty an alone without you to keep me in line I still call out to you in the house all the time just to see if you will answer me      but    you never do  I still look at the clock around 9 30 every night an  see you coming up the hall saying daddy give me a kiss an hurry up I am going to be late for work an watch me to my car then I would watch my baby every night go down the driveway to your tail lights go out of sight.heather do you see daddy when I am I your room on your bed crying an calling your name over an over again but what I love the most is sitting in that swing outside looking down the driveway an seeing you   ridding your 4 wheeler down it an the horses running beside you raceing you that makes me smile big also me an you outside throwing the football for hours until mama comes an tells us its time to eat .baby daddy could sit here an tell you all the things that go through daddy's mind but I need to save some for when I come to see you at your resting place so please help give your daddy an mother just one last shout   I love you daddy or I love you mama it would mean so much to us so later for now I love you so much heather you will never know.   Rip
I love a miss you so much and I know your looking down over us but its just not the same .I love you baby girl and you will all ways be with me .I love you for ever and all ways.
ways in our hearts never forgotten fly high babe girl.love you.
Heather was such an amazing person and I'm so glad that she was a part of my life. She always had that pretty smile on her face and could make anyone laugh. She also gave the best advice. I love and miss her so much!
Hey baby I just wanted to say I love and miss you so much and I think of your beautiful smile every second of the day love your husband
I miss you sweet girl! I know we had our rough times but we had some good ones too. You were always smiling and laughing. I know we weren't as close as some people but you made an impact on me that will never be forgotten!
Heather alway was the most beautiful person and a wonderful friend.  I love and miss her so very much.
You will be missed and not forgotten!
Heather was such a beautiful girl with an amazing spirit that touched the lives of so many....she will live on in all of our hearts &lt;3 FOREVER ...It was such a tragic loss and my heart breaks for each of you ... The pain will never leave but I hope the special memories you share will bring you comfort and peace...Keeping each of you in my Heart &lt;3, Thoughts and Prayers! She is LOVED and MISSED!!
I love and miss your beautiful smile and beautiful smile.You always had a heart of gold and was always there for anybody that needed you.My sweet Angel spread your wings over your mom and dad they miss you dearly.I love and miss you Heather Johnson. sending you my hugs and kisses sweet Angel. love Wanda Hammonds!
Heather was my absolute best friend over the summer. We were inseparable. My job made us split our seperate ways but we still called each other everyday. I honestly couldn't ask for a better friend than Heather. I think about you everyday. I'll see you soon beautiful Angel. I love you forever and always!
We miss you sixteen years later! Nothing and no one had been the same since you left! Love forever, Cynthia
Missing you like crazy! Nothing been the same since you left!
Oh what I wouldn't do to see you smile, look in your eyes, or hear you say "Go Head ," Lol. I miss you dearly Papa
15 years later and it still feels like yesterday. We miss you so much! There's so much I wish I could share with you and show you. But I know you've been here with me every step of the way. I feel your presence at times and can almost hear your voice speaking to me. Please continue to guide me! Love you always PaPa!
Another year doesn't make this any easier. I still miss you so much. There is so much I want to tell you, but somehow, I believe you know and are still there when I need you the most. Love you!
Daddy, I miss you so very much! I think of you often and feel your presence when I need you most!
Johnno, you left us to soon we will always remember you R.I.P. MATE gone but not forgotten. Stockers ( Lee ) &amp; Rosemary
Miss you so much old mate. Always in our hearts and fond memories. Russ and Merilyn
Johnno, LA  you are missed by all your mates. Lee &amp; Rosemary
Never forgotten Johnno old mate. Great memories. Russ and Merilyn.
Another year has passed where you would have celebrated aonther birthday along with your niece.  Can never forget your birthdays. So many times something eg music, brings special memories of you.Singing along to your records. No one hearing the music due to you wearing ear phones. But you are happily singing along or playing along with your jews harp. Just another memory of you l treasure.So many special ones that no one can take away from me.  Miss you more than you can even imagine.
Tomorrow Dearly missed Brother will be Anzac Day,your nephews,Cam&amp;Matt,myself and Simon are going to the Redcliffe Dawn Service. Together we will Remember All the service men and women and animals that have fought for our beautiful country and for the ones that never returned, Lest we Forget.Then we will go to the Garden of Remembrance at Pinaroo Cemetery and place a poppy in yours and Dads plaques. I'm so Sorry that I don't write in this beautiful memorial site that our sister had made for you,I have great difficulty knowing that you are no longer here with us the pain in my heart is something that I just can't stand.I miss talking to you on the phone,the way we use too but in saying that I don't drink anymore,so that's a good thing,I hardly play the music that I use too either as that reminds me of you and Bill.I think of you and miss you oh so very much,but I find that if I can think of you still living with your beautiful family in Thailand,it somehow makes me feel a little better,I know that your not there,I know deep down that one day,I hope that we will see each other again,I love and miss you so much.I trust in God that must have needed you more than us,and I believe that you are with Mum &amp; Dad.Hopefully we will again be a family in another life,love you,mum&amp; dad with all of my heart and soul.Goodbye for now,beautiful angels.God Bless.xxxx
Today is  Anzac Day. I feel guilty for not getting to the Dawn Service  plus going down to watch the march. Been a very long time since l have missed them. Due to my mishap &amp; breaking my ankle l just have not been up to doing anything of late. I feel so guilty,but decided to come &amp; pass my thoughts to you &amp; Dad this way. I miss you &amp; Dad dearly, barely a day goes by when you are in my thoughts it amazes one how easy it is Sometimes a program on TV, music, a song. It is a great comfort to be able to have these memories. Love you always.  Your loving sister Gail.
Time fly's but Johnno but not forgotten your Mate. Stockers once a Gunner allways a Gunner.
Love to you my dear big brother.   Miss you so much.  Always in my thoughts.
Len (alias Joe, Elvis.) Miss you so very  very much.                                                                                                                                             Love you till my last breath.                                                                                                         Your brother Bill.
Happy Birthdsy Len...  You may not be with us in person but l know you keep watch. I miss you dearly, coming here to this site l made,  l feel a special contact somewhere that l can talk to you. I think of you often. The fun things we did as kids.. Your were a great big brother and did lots of things for me when l was very small.  Love you so much &amp; Love you forever. Until we meet again. Your loving little sister Gail
I just cannot believe how time has passed. Only memories stay. I hold such special memories that are held close to my heart. Wish l could reach out to you, hold you in my arms &amp; hug my big brother again.  I should have done years ago but cancer stole you away from us far to soon. So many words that were unsaid, how dearly l loved you. Miss you so much my big brother. Loved &amp; missed by your sister Gail
Birthday Wishes as I think of you today. It is so easy to think of you this day, as it is also your nieces / my daughters day too. So many things  I wish that I had done with &amp; told you, but you were so far away, oh how it breaks my heart to know I will not be able to hold you again. I do think of you so often. Just know your younger sister loves &amp; misses you. One year has just gone  since our loved mum passed away.Our Dad &amp; Mum &amp; You are now together, no longer in pain but at rest &amp; peace.
It was with great sadness that Sue an I learnt of the passing of Johnno LA today. I remember him fondly as the smiley bloke, who had not a bad word about anyone and was a great mate. Rest in peace. To his family Kia Kaha Mal
Johnno LA, it was sad to hear of your passing. You were well liked by all who knew you, and will always be remembered. Rest in peace mate.
Hi there Len, another anniversary year has passed &amp; in that time our mum has also passed away our family has lost yet another very much loved one. you are always in my mind &amp; heart. I miss you so much. I hope that you mum &amp; dad are now together once again. Always, Love you.
Johnno old mate,I have never forgiven myself for writing my car off and you losing your cigarette lighter.To see you leaning against the upside down car grieving is something I will never forget.The fact that I almost got life in the Giru "Super Max" is nothing by comparison.I can only ever remember laughing with you old mate and that memory won't change.
I am sorry it has taken so long to hear of your passing. As your BK for a few years Johnno LA, you were the atypical 'Aussie Digger'. Bombardier one day, Gunner the next but a true professional on the gun. It was an honour to serve with you. May you rest in peace. "It is a far,far better rest that you go to than you have ever known" Apologies to Charles Dickens
Mate you will be sadly missed. To the gun park in the sky where we will meet again to relive the great times in THE BATTERY 104. MY condolences to your family. Moto
A gentleman gone, Travel well mate Tone
Gail,  I was proud to be able to call Johnno  one of my mates.  He was the on "jews harp" player I ever knew. May he rest in peace.
Deeply saddened to hear of Len's passing. A true gentleman,friend and comrade I will always remember the humour, smile and infectious laugh. Our world is a lesser place for his passing. May you rest in peace. Ubique.   Ron
So sad to learn of your passing and to now know that you passed away one month before our last reunion in Adelaide makes it hard as you were spoken about many of times there. You wil be sadly missed mate
So sorry to hear of your passing jonno old mate you leave this world a sadder place, may the angels drink xxxx. Till we meet again   LEST WE FORGET IAN CAPORN (CAPPERS)
Mate, I have only now learned of your passing. We served together in the best Unit ever and you were one of the bright stars, always smiling and making others laugh. All the best brother til we meet again. HanoiHanno
The 104 family has lost another son. You were a true mate Johnno LA and will always be remembered; especially on ANZAC Day. LEST WE FORGET
Rest in peace cobber. Ken&amp;Lesley.howard
So sad to hear this, nobody in 12 Fd Regt did not know Jonno LA.     The smiling face, the quick wit and always ready to help out.        Rest in peace mate. Ubique. .
Dear Johnno,  Sorry to hear that you are gone. May you rest in peace in the great big fire support base in the sky.
So long Johnno, I remember you as one of life's gentlemen and a fine example to all; you always helped but never hindered, cobber (and you could drive a bit too !).
With deepest regret to learn of Len's passing, I'll always remember Len's laugh and playing of his Jew's harp. My sincere condolences to Len's family. Rest In Peace. Gonk
Johnno so sad to hear you are no longer with us I knew you were in Thailand and the last time we saw  you was at the 104 BTY reunion. Rest in peace My Mate
Dear Gail, So sorry to hear of Johnno's passing. Please forgive my late tribute, but I've only just been advised of his passing. I always had a great time when getting together with Johnno - he was a gentle and genuine bloke who was held in high esteem by all.  Thinking of you, Tim Bakker
It is with a heavy heart that today I learnt of "Johnno's" passing. I shared a room with Johnno whilst In 104 Battery at Ingleburn post Vietnam. Johnno's gentle spirit and humblness I will never forget. I shall never forget you mate. Rest in Peace.
Johnno dear old mate, it is with grievous heart that I learnt of your passing today. I am immensely saddened to have received this news and wish we could have spent more of our later years together. Merilyn and I both loved you dearly and will cherish forever those memories that we have of our wonderful friendship with you. RIP old friend.
Dear Len I know this is late but it is not that I forgot about you, I could never forget you. Just time goes by so fast, &amp; so many things of late I have had  to do but you on my mind, you are always there, Love you Len.
Remembering you always. Bill &amp; Emily
Bill and I miss you. You are always in our hearts.
Len we miss you dearly We miss our phone calls that went for hours both wishing we could have been talking with each other face to face Now Father and son together in peace Both sadly missed and always thought of, not just today, but tomorrow and forever  Darry, Simon, Cam and Matt (little sister)
We never got to meet you Len, but we had heard about you from your darling sister, Gail. As Peter is a "brother' (also a Vietnam Veteran and was in 12 Field ), he mourns the loss of another brother. May you rest in peace as you watch over your loving family. Karen and Peter Croke and family
Twelve months ago we received word from Thailand, that your long battle with cancer had ended  Our hearts were broken, &amp; tears flowed,we never got to say goodbye, but memories will live forever.
My sweetie has been gone almost 4 years and I still miss her every day...
I still miss her every day
nother Sad day today..Mom has been gone 5 years now...she would have been 85 and looking good...I think of her almost every day..
Mom    you will Always be my SWEETIE
2 Yrs. already, and I miss my Sweetie Every day..........Jerry
When tomorrow starts without me ,please try and understand, that an angel came and called my name and took me by the hand; so when tomorrow starts without me don't think we're far apart, for every time you think of me, I'm right there in your heart ...please join me in sending Birthday Love and Whispers up to Heaven to My Sister Sharon aka Punky Johnson ...❤love JJ
Simple words but very true  Will always remember you.  Love and miss you!
Love you.  Rest In Peace
Today you would have been 71yrs young ...I still miss and wake up everyday missing you ...but knowing you're loved and ok ...Rest and Happy Birthday Punky
Mine is just a simple prayer God bless and keep you in his care
I cried when you passed away. I still cry today. Although I loved you dearly,  I couldn't make you stay. A golden heart stop beating hard working hands at rest. God broke my heart to prove to me that he only takes the best.  Love you from your Mother ,Lynda and Jacqui and family
In God's care you rest above, In our hearts you rest with love
...#LoveAlways  Mommy, Lynda and Jacqui ❤❤❤ we loved you dearly  but God loved you more
RIP from your mother, Ethel Green
......seems you woke me gently this morning ..with the Lords help....Happy Birthday my dear sister...I miss you,but know you are always.....here with me
Beautiful lady, we miss you! Rest in God's hands.
Always on my mind; forever in my heart!!
Love you forever!!!
Although  it's difficult to see beyond the sorrow ...may looking back on the memories....help comfort you/us tomorrow with love from Mother Ethel E Green ,sisters Lynda and Jacqui children grandchildren and great grandchildren
Happy birthday my beautiful boy .xxxx
Yes baby boy another year has passed but it brings me another year closer to holding you .I love and miss you darling every single day . My 1st born beautiful son . Love you always mammy.xxxx Rachael is having a little girl soon and if you can see Bruno John I bet he makes you giggle he's adorable David so funny I hope you do see what's going on here as your part of us xxxx
It's so hard without you David xxxx man my xxxx
32 years tomorrow you left me jesus took you home to heaven I miss you darling every day I cry many nights I just want to cuddle you one last time colour books again you loved that on a Sunday afternoon. I won't ever forget you I couldn't if I tryed mammys blue eyed little boy . Love you mams best lad my son David xxxxxxxxxxx
Us mammy again or darĺing I wish I new definitely you are with my dad as I no he will be cuddling you so much and making you laugh  like he used to do. You used to giggle when he took his false teeth out you thought it was so funny xxx  I miss you darling if there's any way you can let me no your ok please try  xxx All mammys love xxx
Well its nearly that time again that awful day ýòu passed away I hate this day son . Why you you were just a baby it's so sad. I will never forget you my boy xxxxx
I hope you've seen uncle Tommy tell him mammy says he better be behaving himself. We all miss you Tom love sis and I'm a grannie now tom you'd love him Bruno John he is my world. Well I'll speak to you all later mammy loves you always. Xxxxx  Love  you too Tom keep dancing. Xxxxx
Hello my baby I'm missing you so bad I've got not to talk to about how much my heart aches for you. How am I meant to go on David I love you my boy xxxxx
Mammy misses you I hop your with your daddy and grannie and pops I no pops will still be spoiling you as he did in life I no grannie will cuddle you so much when I should be the one cuddlein you your my boy xxxxx
Hi ya my lad I miss you so much it hurts sometimes I carnt even come on this site as I cry so much. David I will never forget you your beautiful smile and the biggest blue eyes you made me laugh you used to chase granda little dog all over you thought it was great xxx.I still struggle to understand why you had to go and leave me I love you my best lad xxxx
Mammy missing you everyday xxxx happy birthday my lad xxx
33 year's ago today well teatime your grannie handed you to me I felt I learned what love was you looked up and I said hi little man yes I'm your mammy xxxxxx
Love you little man xxxx
Every day is hard skn without you xxxx
My beautiful boy xxx
My darling little boy another year I wish heaven had visiting times pet I'd never be away xxx
Hi my little. Man i miss you so much son  xxxxxcxx
I've. Been raising money today to help infant death charity, as no parent should out live their chid xx i love you darling. Xxx
There are moments when we wish we bring our loved one home just for one more cuddle, one more kiss as believe me David you are really missed. I wish there was a bus, train or just any transport that would bring you you back to me.xxxx mammy
Love you xxxx
I wish i could. Cuddle  you , hold you smell. You just once more little. Man . Xxxxx
I love and miss you everyday  son xxx
I never got to meet David but I've been best friends with his mammy for about 25 years and she's talked about him a lot over these years.  I know he will never ever be forgotten Nxxx
I think about you every day. Coming up on four years... that's insane. I pray for you and your family every time you cross my mind. I hope heaven is treating you well, my friend. I can only pray that I'll see you again someday. Sending my love to your mom and family❤
I just cant beleave its been 3 yrs!! I miss you so very very much!!Serenity is getting big she is full of sas even though Karver dosent want to admit she is!!Your brothers are trying to go on and make a good life for there kids!Eventhough they have only been fathers a short time they have out shined and out maned your father!! They would sure love haven you watch over there babys as there angle unckle would be great!!Its so unbarreble hard going on with out you I am looking forword to the day we are together again!! All my love sweety!~ Nonna loves you
I think about u everyday &amp; wonder if ur stopping to smell the roses there in heaven. The time we had together here on earth just wasn't enough. If I had one last chance I would say to you that you had a light in you that shined brighter than the stars &amp; that I love you &amp; will see u again in heaven
My baby my chapa! You come into this word very calm and with no hurry!! You were my biggest baby and my easiest to delivery!   You weren't a fussy or demanding baby at all!You were pretty content watching the actions of your brothers!  With 2 older brothers constantly going you were off and running in no time!
I miss you every day. My heart aches so much that our love wasent enof to keep you here!
Every day i think of you and everything that you've been through remembering your caring ways chatting on those sunny days your smile which lit up the room your summer garden in full bloom your sparkly eyes so bright and blue now and always i will miss you I'm glad i got to say goodbye even if you could not reply i held your hand and watched you sleep knowing these memories i could keep still i wished once more to see your bright blue eyes looking at me to see you smile or hear you speak instead you slept, you looked so weak a Nan a mum and so much more you may not be here anymore but i know inside my heart we're never really far apart watching over us all somehow and every time the sun comes up i know you're smiling down on us.
Well Jean, you're still with us. Jo and I talk about you often. I know you're watching over her and I am sure you are proud of how far she has come.. With a broken heart she is still working through but you will always be with her. By the way, if you should run into a lady named Alice Alman she's my mom and tell her my heart was broken the day she left, but Joanne and I are working through this together.
Happy 90th  mom ♡♡♡♡
Missing you every day, not a day goes by you're not on my mind. &lt;3
&lt;3
It's hard to believe it has been a year,  it feels like just yesterday. I miss you Mom......so much  &lt;3
XOXO
Jean, you were so loved. There is such a painful feeling when you lose your Mother (or Father) emptyness stays with us for a very long time. Knowing Joanne, I know how much she loved you, your last days were as painful for her as it was for you. I know you will be with her always, I also believe you will be watching, guiding and protecting her for the rest of her days. That's just what love does!
Miss you Mom.
I love you Lille Mae Johnson. You have no idea how much you meant to me as a child. You are in so many memories and I shall cherish everyone!
I am so sorry for your lost she was a very sweet woman, and hard worker. she will surely be missed. again so sorry for your lost God Bless you all
It will be the little things that you will remember, the quiet moments, the smiles, the laughter. And although it may seem  hard right now, it will be the memories of these little things that help to push  away the pain  and bring the smiles back again.
I worked with Lillie several years ago and have thought of her a lot over the years. She was such a loving, friendly, beautiful person. God received such a special angel when she went home to be with him. Thoughts and prayers for family.
Rita, We are so very sorry for your loss.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you and your family during the difficult days ahead.  Let us know if we can assist you in anyway.
Happy Birthday Dad.  I think of you everyday. I can't believe it has been 5 years since you have been gone. I love you.
Happy Birthday Dad...love you and miss you so much
Wishing you a Happy Birthday. I love and miss you with all my heart. Think of you all the time ......
Happy Birthday Dad. Can't believe it's been 2 years since you have been gone. I think of you all the time and miss you more than I can say. Love you.
Happy Birthday Dad..I have an empty hole in my heart, miss you so much. Love you
My heart is empty. I miss and Love you!
I miss you greatly-love you
This day will never be easy at all I love u an miss u so much 3 years go by to quick!!!
I love you I haven't been on here in so long but that doesn't mean I forgot about you❤️ its about to be a year since you've been gone in 2 months. It seems so unreal how did all this time go by so quick. I swear it still hurts like the day I got the call my brother my cousin was gone. It really is true when they say you never know what you have until it's gone.
Screaming happy 24th birthday to my favorite big cousin!!!! I love you!!!!
Happy Birthday Todd we love you!!!!!! Your 24th Birthday as a Angel Amazing!!!
My heart hasn't gathered the fact that your gone an i dont want to but I do  miss you an love!!!!  Continue to watch over us a guide us to better days!!! Love You!
Todd Andrew Johnson, my cousin, still cant believe your gone. To soon, so many memories, so many birthdays spent together. We are 5 days apart and my life my birthdays will never be the same now your gone, but I know your resting in peace with your father, my uncle. I love and miss you more then words can every explain, you were so full of life and that bright smile burns in my brain like a candle. Naming my son after you is my tribute to you and I will forever remember the times we spent together. We grew up together and Im wishing for the opportunity to grow old together. May you rest in peace and watch over our family. Love You Cuz!
Hey cousin! I was thinking about you:) I miss you more than ever I wish we wouldve spent more time together as we got older but regardless I know your looking down on all of us. I love you toddy!
Just stopping by to tell you i miss you and love you todd. We were more like siblings than cousin growing up in the same household you were more of a big brother. I wont ever forget about you mwah:)
A Mother’s Love My heart has been shattered into a million pieces. I never know that I could feel this much pain. My life will never be the same again without you in it. You brought so much joy and laughter into our lives with your infectious spirit and love of life. I have never known anyone who loved life more than you. You touched every person that has ever come in contact with you. Even though I will never hear you call my name again or see that smile on your face you will forever live in my heart. I know that the heavens opened up and rejoiced the day that you arrived because you had finally come home again. Today I give you back to the One who gave you to me even though it rips my heart out to do so. I will cherish your memory for the rest of the days of my life.
My dear sweet nephew.........GOD's will was done. I don't understand it and I won't question it.  I pray you soul rests peacefully!!! Camellia and Tianna~~~~~I am praying with and for you. Just take comfort in knowing that to be absent in the body is to be present with the LORD. Todd is now in a place wher the wicked ceases from troubling and the weary is at rest. He is one of GOD's angels now and he is smiling down on you until you all meet again.  Love you all!!!! Rest In Peace Todd! You will truly be missed!
Words from a Sister Joy rose upon his cheeks like the peak of sunrise Sometimes I, just want jump in its abyss and reside in it   if love shall go by any other name  it shall be yours...   i find myself wanting to explore the corners of my mind trying to find that memory box where i have, stashed away all our memories for safe keeping but i found my box has runneth over From the times you made me laugh And when i was so sad and you'd comfort me       We'd sing a beyonce song and you'd clean with me  (well clean for me cuz we all knew i jus dictated  =) lol)       Innocent  like a child on Chirtmas morning I never thought i would  be morning for you I will love you forever more  this you can be sure  I have  sectioned of a piece of my heart for you  Wrapped some love in a little baggy for your travels to paradise   No worries I have pleanty more.... Until we meet again
Todd, a beautiful smiling soul that has left this earth to soon. Rest in Peace.
I AM NOT GONE" I am not gone I remain here beside you Just in a different form Look for me in your heart And there you will find me  in our love which forever lives on In those moments when you feel alone  Look for me in your thoughts  And there you will find me in sweet memories that burn strong Every time a tear  Forms in your beautiful eyes Look up to the heavens  And there you will see me Smiling down from God’s glorious skies
God’s Lent Child.  “I’ll lend you for a little while  A child of mine” God said –  For you to love the while he lives  and mourn for when he’s dead.  It may be six or seven years  or forty two or three  but will you, till I call him back,  take care of him for me?  He’ll bring his charms to gladden you  and, should his stay be brief,  you’ll have his nicest memories  as solace for your grief.  I cannot promise he will stay,  since all from earth return  but, there are lessons taught below,  I want this child to learn.  I’ve looked the whole world over,  in my search for teachers true,  and from the things that crowd life’s lane  I have chosen you.  Now will you give him all your love,  nor think the labor vain,  nor hate me when I come to take  this lent child back again?  I fancied that I heard them say,  “Dear Lord Thy Will Be Done”  for all the joys thy child will bring  the risk of grief will run.  We’ll shelter him with tenderness,  we’ll love him while we may,  and for the happiness we’ve known  forever grateful stay.  But, should thy Angels call for him  much sooner than we planned,  we’ll brave the grief that comes  and try to understand.
For my Sister, Alway`s in my Heart .....
Patty I love you more than you could ever know I think about you so often everday. About the laughs, fights, and everything I just wish you were still here with us. Now your with your husband, my brother John Thomas Faircloth Jr. Forever in my heart and always on my mind&lt;3
Its been  5 years  since you left us  Uncle G you will forever be  missed n my heart
I will  always  miss you uncle. Grady  RIP
Happy birthday  i know you cant read this but i was thinking about my best uncle /dad this moring sending  a shotout to you
Happy birthday Grady. You will be forever missed.  Always remember the times we had together.  RIP
Happy birthday uncle pig!! U r truly missed and loved...  Love always.. Your Neice Shanna &amp; Family.. Love u!!
membering the old times from cousin Mayme and family.Just find out that you have left this side of the earth,you are on your way to the other side. No more troulbles,or pains. You are now in the hands of the Lord!
God has never been wrong in His promise. Take care and God speed.
Grady when I received word that you had passed, I couldn't believe it. I guess I thought you would live on forever. I'm really hurt that I didn't get a chance to see you when I was down in California last year. However I thank God we did get a chance to talk. You will forever be in my heart and will never be forgotten. You were a one of a kind and there will never be another like you. Your heart was truly genuine. I pray that your soul has crossed over and you are now embracing your father, mother, brother and all your relatives.  I know we had not seen each other in many years,but I will always remember you. I remember the good times you had with my family, and how much they really loved you and enjoyed your company. May you rest in peace and I know now you have no more pain. Love always
To my big brother you left me  all alone  without an more brother I will miss you forever and ever I know you would not want me to cry or be sad but in my heart I will cry and be sad ever day until I see you again I know you are with mom and dad and Lawrence who will be ready to great you at the gate and let you be free of all the pain and hurt you felt I will love you your baby and only sister and you got me to L A (smile)
All may know u as O.G., or Uncle Grady...But I know u as My Uncle Pig...your legacy loves &amp; lives through the Johnsons Blood line all the way to our children...we will never forget,but always remember who u were &amp; what u stood for in this 1life we take for granted...I never got a chance to say hello..&amp; I don't believe in Goodbye....it's more I'll see u later...so enjoy the peace u have &amp; no worries ever again....I Love you!!
Revelation 21:4  He will wipe away every tear from their eyes, and death shall be no more, neither shall there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain anymore, for the former things have passed away Didn't know you very well, however the stories of your life were told with Love and great Laughter ! - Love your Great Niece Ashley M and Great, Great Nephew Kaleb M!! Rest in Paradise Uncle Grady
Uncle Grady ("O" G) I love and will always cherish the memory of you in my heart forever.....love you always Jean♡♡♡
To my loving Uncle Grady,my heart is truly hurting so it's not goodbye, but I,ll c u later I will miss our latenight conversation,s into the morning hours,the laughter we shared, u will always be my O.G. as a Lil girl u were there as Uncle&amp;Dad and I will Cherish those memories for ever,Rest Easy Unk!!!! No more pain baby,no more ♡♥♡♥♡♥♡♥
R I P GRADY
To my Uncle Grady , Its is so hard to say good bye to my Favorite (Mane Man) you were the coolest,Lovinest person anyone could ever  have in their Life.YOU were a Father and Uncle to all of us, we will Miss you MY Uncle  Grady Lee. So now dance with your Father your Mother now your Brother from your son/True nephew (Charlie Ripper)
Uncle Grady Words will never be able to express,how much you are truly missed in my heart.Even though you have lived almost 3,000 miles away, You were just a phone call away for me no matter the time of day or night.So this is not good bye,It,s an see you later on the other side. love you
I NEVER GOT A CHANCE TO SAY GOODBYE,AND NOW WHEN I THINK OF YOU,ALL I WANT TO DO IS CRY,I NO YOU WOULD NOT HAVE WANTED THAT,YOU LEFT A MESSAGE IN MY HEART,ONE WHICH I SHALL NEVER PART.REST NOW UNCLE GRADY,YOU WILL ALWAYS BE IN MY HEART.
You will never be able to see or no the hurt. I feel. but for one thing u will be miss so much but I love u uncle. now  you go and rest I see you at the party
A good parent is missed until we go to be with them in heaven. A dad is really special because he has been there to protect us from everything bad. From the time we sat on his knee until he gives us away in marriage, he tries his best to make our lives happier.
Dad I miss you so much . You said you'd always be beside me when you passed . I get scared, it's times like these is when I need you . I love you and miss you! I will see you again
I really loved your dad. He was always good to me.R.I.P. Uncle Leon
I miss you so much.....you always knew what to do.  I miss the fact that you didn't see your grandchildren grow up or meet your great grandchildren.  Your always in my heart.....I LOVE YOU......DAD
I miss you Dad !! I love you ..
Wish you were still with Us all
Damien you were the greatest friend I had you never let anyone talk badly about me and for that I'll always be great full. We all loved you so much Damien, I just wish you could've given some of us the chance to say goodbye! Happy Birthday Damien!!!! Love you
Happy Birthday to my angel. I love and miss you... We will see each other again.....
You will forever be n my heart, mind, body and soul. We have a bond no one will ever be able to break. Until we met again!!!! I LOVE YOU!!!!!!
I love u Lil big bro missing u so much
Me, too, Walt.  Dad left such a big hole when he passed.  Best Dad Ever.
It is hard to believe that it has been five years.  I still think about you nearly every day.
Dear Ruthie &amp; Walt - Uncle Walter was a lovely man, always gracious and kind.  A particular memory that comes to mind was when he came to his sister's (Lorraine, my mother) memorial service in Deerfield, IL.  He was working for the American Dairy Assn. then and had been traveling for over 24  hours, but he made the effort to get there.  Another special memory was when my friend, John, and I visited him and Jewell at Stone Mountain.  The third special memory was when he and Jewell came to my father's (his brother-in-law, Charles) 77th birthday party in Chicago.  See pictures of these last two events in the Gallery. Thank you for this wonderful memorial to him.
Ruthie, I am very sorry about the loss of your dad. Merle has shared with me their last visit. As I read Walt's memorial I could understand that Walt had a full and interesting life. His love of family and values are his continued legacy.  What a blessing to be in his life. My condolences, Charlotte Bouley
Dear Walt and Ruth,  We extend our sincere sympathy to you and your extended family for the loss of your father.  We hope that the good memories and loving thoughts of friends and family will ease the sorrow and that joy will come again.  Life is a mystery.  Love is eternal.  Sending all good wishes to all of you.  Love, aunt nancy &amp; uncle walter
Dear Ruth, What a wonderful tribute to an amazing father and all around great man! Those who are loved greatly are those who are missed/grieved for very much. Thinking of you, Rich and your families. Sincerely, Dawn, Jim, Dalton &amp; Cory Black
There's not a day I don't think about you all the good times we had love you always dad
U will always be in my thoughts and prayers I will alwAys love you dad there's not a day goes by I don't think of you
Happy birthday Mom I love you more than words can describe. I'm doing good I have Jesus on my side.Yu told me to always remember and keep him near and  pray always that was the best advice Yu could have given me. Tell lil momma and daddy I said hello and we will join ✋ someday
Momma I love and miss you. You will forever be in my heart. Blossom and Darius miss you so much.She's a mom now and your a great grand momma. One day we will meet again. Your momma came to join you 2 years ago. Now you have your parents with you. DANCE ALL OVER HEAVEN. LOVE YOUR DAUGHTER YOLANDA.
May my father rest in peace
I love and miss you dearly. I miss you beautiful smile and your bubbly personality.
So very sorry for the loss of your love one, we can get comfort from our loving heavenly Father who comforts us in all our trials. You have my deepest sympathy.
TAKE COMFORT IN KNOWING THAT JEHOVAH WILL BE WITH YOU AT THIS VERY SAD TIME IN YOUR LIFE .MY PRAYER ARE WITH THE FAMILY.I AM SO SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS. 2 COR.1:3,4
We are made strong in our weakness. Our heart was most sadden when we received the news. We pray God's strength to you and your family as you take this journey, just know you are not alone, God  will always be with you. He said He will never leave nor forsake us. Love you all, Betty, Phill, Cynthia, Roshaunda &amp; Stevie-New York
My condolences to the McCoy / Johnson family. I met Linda through her Sister "Mary" aka Sister. Mary and I worked together at Ace Mailing for years and I rode with her to work for a year. I met Linda her children Lissa, CC, and Nard, they probably wouldn't remember me. Linda was definitely very comical, who loved her family and a sweet heart. I used to stop by her house from work with Mary  when she lived near Bankhead. I last saw her back in 1995 when her Mary and Mary's son who was a baby at the time came by my house in Riverdale for a visit. It saddens me to hear about someone passing especially when you know them and they're good people. I pray that God will continue to strengthen, heal, and bring y'all even closer as a family.
I'm lighting this candle, in rememberenc of blk Jlo,Well I know y'all together again big mama, big mama ,linda and Moochie! alongside other who have pass on,James McCoy, aunt ciea.Girl and Big daddy almost forgot, ok talk to you later.. K
3:34am December 5th 2013 ,just laying in bed thanking bout you linda wishing I could talk to you or at lease hear you voice, Christmas is all most here I know your kids will miss you so much around holidays the Lil toot is getting so big with her lil pretty self you would have been so proud of her and she would be  so spoild. but the girls  and Nard. have that coved …we got to go to Americus on Saturday for big mama talk to you later getting sleepy now good night luv  U chick..✳✳✳
My thoughts always go to Morris when I need guidance. He was not only my boss for 16 years, he is my adopted brother. We always have someone in our lives we respect and listen too - that was Morris for me. His memory will ever be within me. Thank you Johnson family for sharing MoJo with me.
I love Morris. He never allowed me to be complacent. He encouraged my soul when no one else could.  He also pushed me to be a better person, friend, and parent. When I began teaching at the college here in Arizona, I called Morris to ask him questions about nearly everything. He was the voice of reason and would set my mind straight. When he passed, I lost more than  a confidante, I would in my preparations, think to myself, "...what would Morris do?" He was the best in preparing for everything. But, this continues to be my guide, because I can no longer call him and cry about my own insecurities. He made me feel strong and able. I channel that and feel loved and connected to him.  I still see him in my dreams. And sometimes, I smell that cucumber melon or white tea &amp; ginger scent...and I know he's become an angel.
When the cubs won the world series this year I thought of Morris.  He loved baseball and we spent many hours talking about the local Arizona team. Morris was a class act and I am proud to call him a friend.
Morris was a good man.  he was dedicated to education and his personality was a key to his success.  I'm proud to have worked with him and our friendship was  solid.  Everyone at Phoenix College enjoyed his sense of humor and his positive attitude. we all benefited by knowing Morris Johnson. John Mercer
My name is Alicia De Leon. I am currently a Ph.D. Candidate at the University of Utah. My journey into higher education was ignited, bridged, critically enhanced/supported by my Mentor/Friend/Academic Family which is Morris F. Johnson III. TODAY I FIND OUT HE HAS PASSED (August 12, 2015) and I my tears, colored by laughter overflow tonight. Morris has been nudging at me in my dreams...I know he's visited and tonight was critical because after reading a chapter in the book titled Subversive Dialogues I turned on the TV. Jimmy Fallon had a special musical guest: Yolanda Adams. Her performance began at the time I turned on the TV and my memory went directly to Morris. He recorded a cassette tape with gospel music that was empowering, loving, inspirational. Morris recorded the song titled, "Open My Heart" by Yolanda Adams. After her performance tonight I googled Morris's whereabouts---thinking I would be unsuccessful as I had been in the last 3years. Yet tonight I immediately found his whereabouts, In Spirit...VISITING ME in my dreams, thoughts, and now thru music DURING THE MOST CRITICAL MOMENTS OF MY DOCTORAL PROGRAM---cheering me on, giving love, making me laugh via the spiritual realm. Wow. I am so grateful to have engaged with him on a personal and professional level for 2years while I went to Pheonix College and obtained my AA degree. Ive never forgotten him and searched for him during my doctoral program to tell him where I am in my journey. We lost touch a few months before I obtained my MA at UCLA in 2008. My heart is heavy as well. When I read his sister's, Karen Johnson, remarks of his words--"I still got dip in my hip, pep in my step, and glide in my stride" I lauged aloud because that's his swagger I experienced when he was the Dean and Interim President at Phoenix College. He brightened my days and lightened up my load by listening how I experienced racism/microaggressions in higher ed. I am very thankful and blessed to have had him in my life journey. Sending peace and love to his family.  Morris Quotes:  "MacDaddy Mo" "You want a Koolaid Life or a Champagne Life?"
A special message to The Johnson family. I recently discovered the news of my friends departure. I was deeply saddened. There are so many great memories I shared in our past; college, hopes and challenges. Karen thank you for this beautiful memory page. My prayers are continually for you and family. He will be greatly missed. Jonesey
It has been a year  since Morris passed and I think about him  every sunday when I'm at church sitting in our section that we shared. I remeber how he would nudge me when Pastor Scott would say any visitors please stand up... Too funny.. A crazy sense of humor and everybody that sat in our section knew him for this. When the Pastor started preaching all fun times will be halted  bc of him taking the word in and writing. He is Gone but not Forgotten......
I knew  I was leaving to go to ATL for the Thanksgiving Holiday and since I had not  communicated with Morris  I decided to send him an email on Novemeber 21,2013 and in the email I stated I hope he was doing alright  and that I would try again. So I called him at the number he had given me the last  time I seen him and  I did not get an answer.He  never told me that he had ALS in fact when I saw him last was at church with his big sister Karen. We embraced and he said keep in touch. You see Morris had passed already when I sent the email and called and left the message. I did not find out about him passing until December 7 when Pastor scott mentioned his Memeorial service not sure I heard it right so I grabbed Deacon Bailey and at that time he confirmed it. I tell you I was in total disbelief but, to have him reach out to me was him telling me good bye. It's amazing  to me that he did. He was a crazy guy with a funny sense of humor always saying something crazy to me on Sunday(s) at Central Baptist Chuch. I am going to  miss Morris and  will never forget how  his spirit touched mines to reach out tome after he left. I  was given  his obituary by Deacon Bailey and this is how I got to this page so I send out my deepest condolenses to the family for your loss and I will always remember Morris.
I first met Morris when he was hired as an administrator at phoenix college. Over the years we developed a strong friendship and I was proud to call Morris my friend.  When he left phoenix college to go to St Louis many of the faculty were sad because he was one of the best administrators we had. I'm going to miss his positive attitude and his great sense of humor.  John Mercer - " See you later Morris-  in a different place and a different time.  God bless you and your family."
Morris was a fun-loving and very caring person.  He made everyone whom he came in contact with smile and/or laugh.  He will live on in the hearts of those he touched.  God's peace for his family. Linda Kurth, Phoenix College Faculty (1984-2007)
Morris became my friend when we first met back in 1986. We worked together, laughed together, and devoted countless hours to the enhancement of WRCBAA/NCBAA and the empowerment of the Councils' membership. When I last visited with Morris no time was spent dealing with ALS, but reminiscing about all of the good times that life had afforded us. I won't miss my bro because he will always be in my heart. WESTSIDE!!,
My heart is heavy and tears have welled up in my eyes every time I think of my friend Morris. He was such a wonderful person, his sense of humor was evident every day of his almost 65 years on earth. I worked with him for 16 years at Phoenix College. His friendship will always be treasured. Morris was a sensitive, intelligent and honorable man, we are all better for having known him.  Go with God.
Morris, was diagnosed with ALS 3 years ago. As he told many, I kidnapped him and moved him from St. Louis here to San Antonio.two years ago. Over the last two years, I watched him deal will his disease with humor, courage,curiosity and faith. Although each month a decline in his muscle strength and physical abilities was evident, he did not wallow in self pity, instead he would  tease and joke.  Often when answering his phone he would say "Popeyes' Chicken....do you want a slap happy meal?''  When the San Antonio Spurs lost the NBA Finals to the Miami Heat he began wearing the Miami Heat NBA Champions Tee Shirt and Cap to his doctors' appointment.  As the medical staff (all avid Spurs fans) looked askance at his attire Morris would gleefully remark "what's the matter, you can't stand the Heat --neither could the Spurs." Five days before he died he had an ALS Clinic appointment. While he was demonstrating his walking ability for the physical therapist he did an exaggerated swagger with a runway turn and stated "I still got dip in my hip, pep in my step and glide in my stride". I was blessed these last two years to have the opportunity to reconnect with my little brother and am thankful for the man he became.  As I speak with friends and colleagues since Morris died, I am impressed by the depth of feelings expressed.  Morris was a positive change agent in many lives, he made a difference and for that I am forever grateful.. As a sister, my prospective of Morris has been enriched by the stories his friends and colleagues have shared.  It is my hope that this online memorial will continue that enrichment. ..
Happy Thanksgiving Ed,you turned my world upside down when you left us,David really misses you.we love you but I just dont understand.
Happy Birthday Daddy.  Love you and will forever miss you.
miss you daddy each &amp; every day
Love you dad..
It was always a fun time coming down to visit growing up! Miss you and all the fun our family used to have together!
Hey little brother, miss you, its almost Thanks Giving again, its been two years since you have been gone, and think of you every day, I have your picture up so I can see you, at least you will be young forever in my eyes, love from your big sis
My little brother Jeff, you were never supposed to go before me, but you did, and I miss you very much. I miss hearing you say " Hey Sis" and u allways made me laugh, I hope you are with  mom and Dad, I think of them and you every day, Jeff, you are loved and missed by me &amp; everyone, till I see u again little brother,   Love Sis
One year ago this month you left us, way to  soon, there is so much I want to tell you, I HOPE you knew how much you were loved, and I know you are watching us from above, and  you cant believe what the kellys did and how they acted after u left us, and I know you understand completely why I will never speak to them again.  Love big sis
We are so sorry for your lose, but god will take good care of this little boy.  The Conkrights
Our family offers our condolences for the loss of your dear child. Please remember that our heavenly father Jehovah knows what it is like to lose a child...his son Jesus sacrificed his life. As a loving father he resurrected his son and he has made that promise to you to resurrect your son. Until that time we pray that you rely on family &amp; friends to get you through. John 5:28, 29.
I am so sorry for your lost. Pat, you and your daughter are in my thoughts and prayers.
Time is a physician that heals every grief.  ~Diphilus Pat yall are in my prayers
I love you baby boy and it was a great pleasure being your auntie. This is so hard for me, our birthdays was coming up. You never had your chance to come spend the summer with us. I can still visualize your warm smile. I laugh at how you use to tell Sassy to get me when I made you mad. I wish we had more time to spend together here on earth but trust we will meet again. Riah does not understand th
Another year gone by issued a happy birthday in heaven must a greatest place to be not alone with the one s that love you yr doing better than I  God help me threw this send yr blessings Edward need yr strength right now I feel so alone tks for watching over me
Rest in Peace until we meet again
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Love You Miss you  till we meet again
There will be a candle light service on Thursday Dec 5 at the Avalon Funeral home at 7 pm Light refreshments Live Music  and a collection of food that will be donated to the local food bank. Everyone Welcome
To  My Sweet Edward A  good Man  A  Man that made u  laugh and always had time to say Hello . We laugh  WE Cried  We shared so many  good memories together  I ll always miss you
Reva, Harold and I will forever miss your wonderful laugh.  You were always a such a happy and blessed person to be around.  Will always  remember you with a smile.  Love you.  Mary and Harold.
You will forever be missed.  You were always a sweet and light hearted aunt that made me feel welcomed and loved whenever I had a chance to visit.  I will always cherish those memories.  Love, Mary Jo Turner
Aunt Reva, I will miss your spunk and your love for life! You made everything fun and enjoyable. Those are wonderful qualities and a great gift to others that will be sorely missed by all. Love, Donna Turner
Reva Johnson, you are one of the sweetest ladies I have had the chance to meet and know in life.  Im so sorry to hear you have gone on and left this life, but you have left a great gift by the sweet spirit you displayed.  May that live on with in us. Deepest Simpathy Love and prayers to family and friends, love Tina Cox Baldwin
I can't remember which birthday it was (Lindy's is the day before mine) I gave Lindy a fake diamond engagement ring to wear at bars to keep creeps from hitting on her. We were living in NYC at the time. Much to our shared chagrin, when she wore it, it attracted even more obnoxious pick-up lines. When she passed away, she willed it back to me. I wear it often and, of course, have it on now.
Please forward on to any/all --- My ability to assemble an email list has been difficult and I am SURE I have overlooked a number of very very dear friends and family that should get this directly - My sincere apologies. (Please consider CC'ing me, then I can make a more complete and uptodate list.
You remain with me, as every ripple of water in the ocean You are the waves crashing onto shore You are the horizon at the edge of the sea, and the whales migrating through the ocean You are the Sunrise and the Sunset and the Crescent Moon I know you are traveling on to bigger and better things, in the Universe, than here on Earth as a mere mortal Like the ones who endure your passing
(credit: This is my variation on a heartfelt composition to Lindy authored in part by Annie Beddoe in 2010) (Note: Please pass this on to anyone you see that I missed or you note incorrect email or you would like to share with whom you love)
hi mum love you and miss you so much we are all think of you all the time and wished you was still hear with us all
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY. IF YOU WERE STILL WITH US, TODAY YOU  WOULD BE 100 YEARS OLD. I WISH YOU WERE HERE WE COULD PARTY FOR DAYS AND EAT ALL KINDS OF CAKE AND ICE CREAM.                                              MISS YOU,GOD BLESS,  MARG.
Countless memories we hold near and dear and shall always remember. May Allah continue to look over you and may you forever rest in peace, till we meet again.
Since the day momma brought you home from the hospital, until the day I die  I will be and always have been proud to call you my brother. I will never forget the talks and laughter we shared nor the fights we had as children, as an adult you proved that a boy shall become a man with the correct path paved for him and as long as he walks that path with faith in God, his walk will never be unwavering.....Love forever your sister/moms.
Words can't describe how much I miss you, your smile, encouraging words, calling checking on your nephews and I, enjoying you and Tish at the party. You would never be forgotten Happy Rest in Heaven Birthday love you your sister.
Love and miss you  bratha in law  you had a very amazing  spirit while here on earth  and now that   your gone your spirit still  lives on in the lives you have so graciously touch until we meet again rest peacefully ..
Your class,dignity,and gentle kindness is amongst us in your loving family.  Your legacy lives on in the faces and hearts of your beautiful girls. Gone too soon but never forgotten. R.I.H. CJ
Never will there ever be another Uncle Carius Johnson! The impact he's had on the lives around him and the love he's left behind comes from a one of a kind creation of God. I can't stress enough how much I'd give to lead my life in my uncles footsteps. We miss you everyday but one thing I can say is we are all appreciative of the gems you've left behind from the inspiring conversations to the examples of a god fearing family man you were. I pray that one day I can be as great to the people around me as you were to all of us!!! Love you unc and until we meet again rest easy!!! Love your nephew KENDALL "BUD" Johnson!!!❤️❤️❤️
Will always remember your sweet smile and kind heart. Miss you dearly. RIP until we meet again, Love, Cousin Vickie
Will always remember your sweet smile and kind heart. Miss you dearly. RIP until we meet again, Love, Cousin Vickie
It's been 4 years and not a day passes where your family does not honor your memory in word and deed.  May you RIP knowing that you planted a seed that is bearing beautiful fruit.  At the time of your passing I may not have understood why God chose you... You were an Angel on earth, passing through to do good works and leave a legacy filled with love, stewardship, compassion for others and much more.. May you RIH CJ.....
Forever missed R.i.P.
I remember the first time when you and I bond as brother and sister.  Our relationship continued to grow stronger. I thank God for bringing us together. I will cherish you and the love that you shared. The conversation, encouragements and you I truly miss. I know deep in my heart that you're watching over me my angle. Love you my brother Carius Odell Johnson. Happy birthday brother
This young man right here, is and was by far the best little brother a girl could ask for.  He was a bright and intelligent little boy that grew into a wonderfully smart and vibrant man, sharing his wisdom and love of life with everyone he came into contact with.  I miss those long cross-road conversations we shared, his uplifting spirit and that smile with the one dimple he stole from me (mine is on the opposite side).  My baby brother will be forever missed.  It has been three long years, but it seems like yesterday that I last spoke with him, his words of support, and inspiration will not be lost nor forgotten.  I love and miss you my baby, it feels like I lost my first born son, you were more like a son than a brother.
I remember your teachings on the grace walk. My first small group leader, your kindness and love  was exceptional. Always  in our thoughts . RIP until we meet again
A perfect gentleman , a loving father, and husband. Your legacy lives on. You're missed but never forgotten.
It's been 2 years without Caruis' physical presence but the legacy of his teachings remain ever so present.  In looking at his family this morning I am sure he's smiling in heaven knowing that they are living in the path that was paved specifically for them.  Gone but never forgotten.  God bless the family today and forever more.
You put the BEST in best man in so many ways and for so many loved ones and friends. You are deeply missed. Your beautiful wife dutifully keeps your LIFE in the foreground. (i know you know this...you know everything!) :''''( ....I miss you and love you.
Forever missed. Love u so much. To where it still hurts knowing that you aren't here in the flesh. But, I know you are here in spirit. Always will love u, My friend, My brother.
A year has passed but the memories and legacy thrives. I am thankful for the words of wisdom and laughter shared.....
Brother the times when I'm down and sad you are here by my side telling me sister it's going to be ok, just hang in there things will work out. Your at the end and I will be there at the finish line waiting for you with roses. I love you missing you..your sister Tanene
We will always remember your humbleness, politeness, and kind heart. Thanks for the times you shared with us. The Banks Family!
My friend and brother  we miss your presence but I'm thankful for the memories. Forever in our hearts.
Gone..... but never forgotten. A graceful presence that will truly be missed but forever in our memories...."
Forever missed... Forever changed...
My Irreplaceable Dad. It's now 4 years since you've gone and i still miss you so dearly. Sleep on till we meet and path no more at the bosom of the Lord Most High. IJN Amen!
Goodbyes are not forever Goodbyes are not the end. Rest in peace Sir !
Dear Franklin, Please accept our accept heartfelt condolences on the transition to eternal glory of Papa.He was a great man by all standards and it is our prayer that his soul finds eternal peace in the bosom of the Lord.We join all those he touched in his usual positive ways to condole the entire Nkadi family and all relations.Alex and Ogechi.
What a great man with a well refined ethical character. You will be missed dearly but your purpose here on earth has been fully accomplished and the good lord have called you to glory.RIP Pa Felix Johnson Nkadi.
Dearest dad, we love you very much and appreciate all the love you poured on your kids and loved ones and the sacrifces you made to help move their lives 4ward.Adieu,papa!!You will be sorely missed...God bless you sir,as you transit from this earth to another phase of life..Amen. ...
Heart felt condolence to the entire family.
'' God is too wise to be mistaken, God is too good to be unkind. so if you do not understand, if you cannot see his plan. if you cannot trace His hands,Trust His Heart''   I Know that Heaven is a wonderful place because I BELIEVE.  RIP  MR Felix Johnson Nkadi.
The title of DIOPKA befits you as you have what it takes to make a whole kingdom move forward.  We, your kinsmen will surely miss u..... But God needs you most.... R..E...S...T    IN PEACE DIOKPA FELIX JOHNSON NKADI
It’s so hard 2 say gudbye but d inevitable price “death” dat we all have 2 pay, has left us wit no option but 2 say, Adieu. Dad, I saw u in my dream, telling me dat u’re not dead but alive. I know u meant Life after death. “Count it all Joy when u fall into divers temptations”. I’m trying 2 count ur departure all Joy. It isn’t easy cos there’re lots of gud memories. RIP my Noble Gentleman. IJN
5 years on and still doesn't get any easier. There's so many memories i've had that i wish you were a part of, and i can't begin to explain how much it hurts that you aren't here to be a part of them. I hope i've become everything you wanted me to be and more. Everyday i hope i make you proud. I love you nana, so very very much xxxxxxx
Missing you mam, the sound of your voice, sharing a natter and a cuppa, with your friends and loved ones who went ahead of you.
I never had the pleasure of meeting you Flo, however i owe you more than you could ever know , a sister i love dearly. So rest in peace dear lady and rest assured i will keep her safe and sound xxx
ntie Flo. am so glad i visited u upon returning to the uk and that u got to meet my iain. will treasure your letters forever. miss you already
Although I didn't know your step mother, i heard beautiful things about her. Her physical body might not be with you but i know she's watching over you to make sure you feel her love. I will always be here for you if you ever need someone to talk with. I love you symi!
Jalayne you were a beautiful honest human bein I love you so much and I miss you like crazy I think about you every second you were the best step mom in the world I wish you were still here with us and never got cancer I love you to the moon and back but I will always know god gained another angel I love you &lt;3 R.I.P Jalayne
Dear Symi,     All my prayers and thoughts go out to you and your family. She was probably a beautiful and caring person. God gained an amazing angel. Cancer is an ugly thing. She was probably a great inspiration and she will always be with you, not on earth. All my heart goes out you and your family.
I LOVE AND MISS YOU VERY MUCH MICHELLE!!!!!!
Aunt Carol you had such a kind hearted soul loved by many You did so much for me growing up. I'm glad I got to spend a week with you before the pain took over. You are in rest and will be forever in my families heart.
Such a sweet lady you were, just as you were when we were teens. You were always thinking of your family, always putting others before yourself. I will miss our talks, I will miss you. You have always been an angel.....you will have a place in my heart forever.
Carol you were such a kind, generous person with a huge heart. You were a giver and never a taker. You did so much for your family and friends.
Aunt Carol was loved very much by the Foster family (Dawn, Lee, Kailee, Hayden).  She gave continuously her entire life; always selfless. For the first time in her life she gets to rest and have peace, and for that we are grateful.  We will miss her so very much. Love always.  A song for you Aunt Carol "Always On My Mind" by Elvis.
my aunt carol we alll miss you .you will always have a place in my heart
We miss u very much.ty for my amazing grandaghter.
I will never be able to express in words what you mean to me. Where would I be today without the unconditional and protective love you gave me my entire life. I miss you so much it takes my breath away. I love you with all my heart. Today, tomorrow, always.
You left us 2 years ago, today.  I think of you and miss you every day. My heart remains broken. My only comfort is knowing that you aren't suffering anymore. I love you with all of my heart.
You were my Mommaw. A little spitfire who always joked about her Hungarian temper. She'd set you straight in a heartbeat and give you the shirt off her back just as fast. She was the first one to call and say "What's bothering you? Don't lie to me, I can tell when something is wrong."  She was loving &amp; fun. She was a light in my life that will never burn out. I love you &amp; miss you, always.
You were a kind soul with a generous heart.
Joyce, today is your birthday. A beautiful soul is what comes to mind when I think of you. I just wanted to thank you for a life well lived. Truly I can say I am better because I got to know you. Love and miss you.  Hug my Marty for me.  Will always love and remember you.  Rene
There isn't a day that passes that I don't think of you.  I know your in a better dimension enjoying your time with family and friends, but most of all your safe now with Sharon.  Missing you, Love you, until we meet again.
Joyce it's hard to believe it's been a year. I hope you're enjoying heaven and have met my Marty.  Thank you for having been a part of Beloved Hearts Grief Support Group. My life is certainly better because I got to know you.
With love
Joyce, you were always gentle, kind, and understanding, and inspired those qualities in those around you. I will miss you. Love, Hinde
Joyce, as I light this candle for you, may you know at the depth of your soul, how much you touched my life.  I love you and will miss you deeply.  I thank the Lord for my having to come to know you.  Words of concern and words of encouragement are traits that will always be a part of how I remember you....  Love, Rene Garcia
Joyce, your smile had a way of putting me at ease &amp; I was always so glad to see you at CS &amp;impressed @ your tenacity in spite of pain n medical issues. We chatted about volunteering @ animal shelters. Well Joyce I am gonna be walking dogs. I will think of U each time I walk a dog &amp; M sure U will be looking on n chuckling each time a big dog walks me. U R Missed. Peace &amp; Love
Joyce, You were always so appreciative of the small things. A phone call asking how you were doing, a ride to our Sunday group, an invitation to dinner and most of all my homemade soup. Your favorite was the Butternut Squash soup - you said it felt like velvet against your sore throat. I will miss you friend. I know you are at peace now.
My sister, my friend, the beautiful soul who helped me move my life forward.  Always there for me and family.  You made me think and use my brain.  You gave everything and excepted nothing in return.  You taught me how to open my heart to everyone, to reach out to those in need, to accept all no matter the situation, and how to totally Love unconditionally.  I miss you girl.
Dear Ann, Just want to let you know you are missed dearly. I have a good news that I think you will be pleased. Community Dental Care is going to celebrate an open house at our new site in Rochester with 18 chairs this October 20. I thank you for your inspiration to always be mindful to serve the underserved. In Heaven, you already know that Delta Dental of Minnesota Foundation has been a huge supporter of this expansion and in increasing dental care to many underserved families in Southeastern Minnesota.  I am so grateful and feel honored to know you. Your legacy of love, inspiration, and caring lives on.  Thinking of you today and Happy Birthday!
In the time that I've known Ann, she showed me kindness and fairness, treated me and Community Dental Care with dignity and compassion. She listened to the voices of those in need and those that are hurting and with that offered wise recommendations and help. She is someone who left a legacy behind that shall be forever remembered.
It doesn't feel to me like it has been 3 years since Ann's passing...I feel her presence strongly.  Ann continues to influence my life and work in important ways.  She is absent but absolutely not forgotten, and I am grateful for her ongoing impact!
When I woke up today I did not remember that it has been 2 years since Ann's passing; nevertheless I was thinking of her as soon as my day started.  As I dressed I remembered her complimenting the pants I put on...often in my conversations with Ann we would talk about mundane things like this, but within 10 minutes would be onto a topic worthy of a PhD dissertation.  This is what I love and miss about Ann:  the combination of her accessibility and depth as a human.  She was the best of a "girlfriend girl" and a soulful companion!  I think often of her and her beloved family.
Ann, the foot print you have left us is remarkable!  When the word Delta Dental comes into my head I think of you, and vice versa.  When I think of you I feel the presence of loving kindness, justice, care and compassion for everyone especially the underserved.  Thank you so much for such an eternal inspiration.
I miss Ann!! I think about her every day.  Her  impact remains strong among her friends and colleagues.
We are very saddened to learn of Ann's passing. She was an outstanding student in the Augsburg College Master of Arts in Leadership program is remembered with fondness and much respect from the staff and her fellow students. She accomplished many important things in her life and her legacy is substantial.
I was blessed to get to know Ann over the past 9 years through her philanthropy work at Delta Dental of Minnesota.  She was always kind, professional and thoughtful in her work.  Everyone at Homeward Bound sends their thoughts and prayers to Ann's family.
I worked with Ann in the AG office in the mid-90s, and all too infrequently lunched with her after that.  I have one group of friends for thought-provoking discussion, and another that  for laughter.  Ann brought both.  That Lao Tzo quote was written for the Anns of the world in mind:  “The flame that burns twice as bright burns half as long.”  Peace and comfortto Ann's family and friends.
You touched many people! You inspired many people! You raised up the spirits and level of life &amp; discourse of everyone near you! You were a huge supporter of Parks &amp; Trails!  Your spirit lives on! You were the greatest!
Ann you are simply a beautiful being of light!   Your commitment to the health and care of this planet and the people you loved and served will never be forgotten.   Thank you for sharing your loving spirit and beautiful smile with us.  You will forever be soaring through those beautiful mountains having the time of your life.  I love you.  Mary
Ann and I met through her philanthropic work with Delta Dental but she quickly became a trusted ally and friend.  She was upbeat and excited about her work and life.  In my work with Head Start, the community considered Ann our own Santa Claus because the Foundation often provided toothbrushes and toothpaste for Head Start around the holidays.  Ann will be remembered and missed.
Sue, you and your family are in my thoughts and prayers.  I'm so sorry for your loss.
I wish you peace in the loss of your daugher, sister, friend, and mother (to her dog).  It was clear Ann was a good person.  She treated everyone so well, frequently smiling and laughing at the office.  She was obviously a caring person, who had a passion for helping others.  It was obvious when she talked about the oral health services the Foundation was helping to fund she loved her job.
Ann's heart and soul always embraced helping others. Whether protecting the environment, helping others to enjoy our great outdoors, or helping young people live a better, more healthy live - Ann's life energy embraced those in need.  continue ...
Annebell - you brought light, laughter, talent, and so much positive energy to all. You may be gone from our sight and touch, but your spirit will remain always to guide us to better places and better ways.  Thank you for sharing your wonderful life with us.
I am grateful that I had the good fortune to spend some time with Ann just before her death. We had a coalition meeting and I got there first. When she arrived she sat across the room from me. She had a vacant chair next to her and motioned for me to come and sit beside her. I gathered up all my papers, laptop, salad, etc. and moved! That was typical of her. What a joy she was! I miss her.
To the Johnson family - Sue and the girls , My heart just hurts so much for each one of you.  I knew Ann when we were in High School even before Sue (Ann's Sister) married my brother Bruce.  There were many times and happy family memories that we shared, Family Weddings etc.  Ann was a dear and kind person, and will be deeply missed by all.
I have known Ann for the last two years but in may ways it seems like a very long time. She was so engaging and compassionate about everything she did. I and so many people she touched in her short life will miss her. My condolences to her family and co-workers.
Karin and family, I am so saddened to hear of your dear, dear sister.  Please know that God is watching over all of you, as well as Ann.  May He wrap His strong arms around you and comfort you.  Thinking of you all.
Ann was a friend and a classmate at Henry Sibley. We worked together on the yearbook our senior year, and she was the editor. Ann was a great collaborator, adding beauty and order and much fun to the process. She was a hard worker and very thoughtful. The news of her loss has sent waves of sadness throughout our class community. Such a beautiful woman and a strong spirit. Prayers &amp; Love.
I feel lucky to have known Ann for 20 years. She was an incredibly talented person with a unique and beautiful spirit. Peace and prayers to her family.
Ann’s positive perspective and spirit of collaboration made an important difference in our community.  She leaves a deep hole many of us feel.
12 years ago I met Ann and was immediately impressed with her "big picture" thinking; she inspired innovative oral health projects with national impact.  From close colleagues we became close friends.  Her impact on my life is deep and lasting; I miss her more than I can express.  I am heartbroken for her family and community, but ever grateful for her profound spirit of joy and generosity
I have had the pleasure of getting to know Ann for the past 5 years.  Her amazing spirit, beautiful smile and optimism will be missed.  I learned of her garden, her dogs and of the amazing people she called friends!  I consider Ann a friend that will always be missed.  I share this loss with her family and wish them confort in these difficult times.
We lost a great leader who strove for justice and well-being for everyone. We shall miss Ann dearly. May God’s love and compassion embrace Ann’s family and friends during this time of sadness. We shall see you again Ann, in Heaven.
Ann was a genuine joy to work with! Her commitment and boundless energy was contagious! I had the privilege to work with her on many oral health projects in greater Minnesota. She remembered you even if it had been a long time! I was glad to not only call her a colleague but a friend! I will miss that smile! Deepest sympathy to her family!
Ann was an amazing and classy lady.  Working with Ann for the last couple years on the Minnesota Oral Health Coalition I always admired her grace and elegance in a professional setting. She was an inspiration and will be missed.  Her passion and the wonderful work she accomplished in oral health will ripple for many many years.  Prayers go out to Ann's family.
Such a tragedy to lose her in her prime! It's great reading about the impact she had. Fortunately, with the great people on the Oral Health Coalition, the work will continue in her absence. There's much to be done. Thanks for setting up this page Sharon.
It is hard to fathom that such a good, vital person can just be gone. I was consciously admiring her and her gracious goodness as we worked together in our meeting, just a few weeks ago. The world will indeed be a sorrier place without her. My deepest sympathies to her family, and to us all, in our loss.
Ann was one of those individuals who made the world a better place both for what she did, working for the betterment of society in many ways, but also for the manner in she lived every day; positive, a joy to be with and a force for change. She will be missed by many friends and beneficiaries of her work.
Ann and I met through our shared work in the philanthropic committee. She led with heart and head . . . the perfect balance. She will be greatly missed. My thoughts and prayers are with her family, friends and colleagues. Holding them in the light, Erin, Women's Foundation of MN
gent woman of noble character is more precious than rubies" Proverbs 31:10 I think of Ann as noble, virtuous, capable, and strong but also fun and a bit irreverent. Her precious life made the lives of countless children and poor Minnesotans better. My condolences to you all.
Ann's bright smile and her kind warm presence always filled the room as she worked to make life better for others.
I have known Ann since the year 2001 when she came to Delta Dental.  I was on the Board of Directors at the time and sat on the Philanthropy Committee which she staffed.  Starting then and for the next 12 years I would often say to myself “What do other communities do without an Ann Johnson?  How do the oral health needs of a community get addressed without an Ann Johnson in their community?”
Ann had the passion, the courage of her confiction, and vision to make her role at Delta Dental uniquely impactful.  She had the foresight to bring early-noticed dental trends into the funding priorities at Delta.  For example, the partnership she formed with Fraser to empower caregivers, the experts she brought to Minnesota to educate the dental team about meth mouth, and of course her lasting le
her lasting legacy ~ Smiles Across Minnesota.   It was the vehicle of Smiles Across Minnesota where she and Greater Twin Cities United Way forever changed the trajectory of oral health trends in Minnesota by greatly improving access to preventive services and revolutionizing the dental profession by the adding Dental Therapists to the team in the United States.
And on a personal note, she was just such a delight to be with!  I will always remember and cherish our many happy times talking politics and health policy at WA Frost.  But our sessions only lasted so long as she had to get home to her beloved dog Olive.  My heart aches for her family.
Ann and I reconnected just under a year ago.  We met when she worked at the Attorney General's office.  I will always remember her smile and her warmth,  She will be greatly missed.  My deepest condolences to her family, extended family and her many friends.
When I think of Ann I think of her beautiful smile and her graciousness. She was such a positive force for good in the world through her work and her personality. She touched so many in such a short time. God bless her and her family."
Over the many many years I've known Ann, I cannot recall a single encounter with her where she didn't laugh at least once. Ann always found a reason to smile, laugh, and bring happiness to those around her. She shared her warmth generously with everyone she encountered. My prayers for peace are with her family. I am so very sorry for your loss.
My heart aches with loss and disbelief as I write to honor Ann. Among her many and significant professional contributions was helping build the statewide Minnesota Oral Health Coalition. Her leadership will be part of all coalition activities. Her legacy of supporting organizations' and individuals' efforts will continue to benefit countless Minnesotans far into the future.
I had just met Ann this year because of her long standing work in children's oral health.  She cared a lot about our community.  My wish for her family is that they know what a difference she made for so many.
Ann's passion for philanthrophy and oral health was contagious! We were good friends. She was so excited for her trip! I will always remember her this way. Excited for life! Excited for travel! Excited for fun! Excited to be outdoors! Excited to be making communities better! Excited to be making a difference in other people's lives! My prayers go out to Ann's family and friends.
I was just getting to know Ann through our small network of healthcare funders.  She was fun, smart and engaging.  I only hope that she was having the most fantastic vacation ever.  She will be missed by many including her professional colleagues.  My thoughts and blessings go out to Ann's family.
Never forgotten and only a thought away!
I had a dream last night, your spirit and I were having a talk.  I asked why I could hear you and you said it was because I would listen, or maybe because I could hear you, after all I am a professional listener.   You were worried about someone, and you thought I could help.  I said I would.  You were worried about someone from your team, someone younger than you.  You wanted me to let them know you were there for them, listening and trying to help from where you are.  This conversation was so real, so true. I have never experienced anything like it. I have spent the day trying to figure out who to tell, or what to do.  As I put my son to bed tonight, I remembered this site.  So here I am as I promised, trying to help.   I will be your messenger, so your friend can know you are thinking about them, and that you are watching out for them.  It is so like you to still be loving and helping those you care for form the beyond.   I'm not ever sure how to tell you how I feel, but after your visit last night, I'm guessing you know the way I do.  Oh, But Jeremy ... I miss you.  I will continue to listen to you, and if you have more messages - I will send them here to your family and loved ones.
Happy Birthday Jeremy!! Football season is upon us and I know you enjoyed watching Saints and college football games!! Some of our best memories together were times spent at Saints games. My kids hear all the stories and laugh hysterically!! You were the greatest!! Your memory is alive and well brother, happy birthday!!
Happy 45th Birthday, Jeremy! You are so dearly missed by us and so many others. We are forever grateful for you -- 39 years of love, care, and laughter-- and the mystery of your ever-inspiring presence which lives on inside each of us. We love you!
About this time five years ago, I found out about your passing.  I love you and miss you and think of you often. I tell many people, most of whom you never met, about you. You’ll always be remembered and your example will live on!  To the best friend a guy could have!!
I love you so much Jeremy. Thank you for the many generous gifts and blessings you bring to our lives, past and present. Thank you for watching over Finn. I am ever-amazed, inspired by, and proud to be your brother.
I did my spinning class at Elmwood 3 days a week this summer - including today, in your honor.
Jeremy,  Just thinking of you and what the world lost and heaven gained 5 years ago today.  I think about you often and pray for your family in that time will heal all wounds and make the reality that you have slipped away from us acceptable.  What I remember most about you is that you never had an unkind or negative thought to say about anyone - What a legacy!  You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers!  Herb Roth
Hey Jeremy,  Two days ago I happened to be in the same room with Tessa at the NOAC and suddenly remembered that you had left us in july five years ago...It's amazing that the presence of truly good and kind people stays with you, perhaps it's because they have become a part of you and a part of a greater pool of kindness and goodness within the world...still it's not the same as having you with us...You are much missed, my friend... wayne
Jeremy,  It is hard to grasp that it is now 5 years since you were with us.  We are grateful for the near 40 years we had you.  But so often your absence has been profoundly felt, especially when Sean and Farah's baby son, Finn, was born in May.  Matt  said that we will have to tell him all about you.  And we will.  So you are an uncle now and we know you would really enjoy Finn.  He is a bright, alert, responsive baby who has brought joy to our lives.   We miss you and wish you were here!
Today I had the pleasure to meet Matt Johnson and know about Jeremy's story. The story of how much good he did for people and how much love and memories he left behind. It really touched my heart. After reading this website and the beautiful things you all say about him, I want to remind you about something Bruce Johnson said in his eulogy:   "If you want to memorialize his life, then take a piece of what he meant to you and bring it home.  Bring it home with you and present it to someone in your life." Thank you Matt for sharing with me. It was a gift. And thank you Jeremy for inspiring me from the other side of the World.  Keep bringing it home.
Happy Birthday Jeremy!! I was hoping the Saints would pull one out for you on your day but it didn't happen. I miss going to Saints and Pelicans games with you! Those were great times that I'll always cherish. Miss you man and think of you often.
Jeremy, Happy Birthday my friend!!! It is still difficult to accept that you are no longer with us but then perhaps you are...just in the next room!! Your legacy of kindness and your smile of happiness will always remain with those who had the honor of knowing you!!! Wayne
Pretty sure you came to visit today. You always had a way of popping up when I least expected it. Probably bc I missed your bday! You're never forgotten Jeremy!
Happy birthday, Jeremy! I'm celebrating you more today than most days. Thank you for continuing to be a guiding light and influence in my life.
Dear Jeremy, Happy Birthday, my first brother. What a gift and light you are to our family and the world. I so deeply miss your warm, strong hugs; the resonance and tone of your voice; your amazing physical humor, impersonations, and facial expressions that made me fall on the floor laughing like no one else ever has. I grieve the loss of experiencing you in that way because you transmitted so much joy, strength, warmth, and loyalty to all those you love through your bright and deeply embodied physical presence. But I know that you know I'm learning to feel, connect, and trust the power and mystery of your aliveness in your new form. Thank you for continuing to love and reach out to us as we grow to feel the touch and warmth of your presence in new ways -- and for giving us so much strength, as you always so generously have. I love you always.
Hey buddy! Sorry I missed the 20th - I have no good excuse. Missing you man. Just like everyone else.  You're a better man than most. You'll never be forgotten - through my lifetime, and many others.
Missing you sweet cuz.
Dear Jeremy,      There are no words to express how deeply we miss you.  Four years have passed since you left us.  But not a day passes that we do not feel your presence and wonder what would Jeremy do, what would Jeremy say, in what way would Jeremy make us laugh.  We love you!      Mary and Bruce
We love you, Jeremy, and miss you every day. You were a light in our lives and continue to inspire us. We wish Mary, Bruce, Matt, Sean, and Farah love and peace. Patty and Danny
Thinking of all of you with love and blessings.  Walk in Beauty.
I will always remember you.... You're incredible laugh and sense of humor are part of me and my family forever... Your passion and love for this world and the people in it will always be remembered and shared... We all love you so much and always will!
Hey Jeremy, I think of you so often. I miss you very much. Henry
Missing you, my friend, today and every day. 4 years seems like both a blip and a life time. Sending love out to Mary, Bruce, Sean, Matt, Josh, Tessa, Brad, and all who loved you. Me and all the gang are doing a poor job keeping up jokes and banter at your level -- I mean, Jeremy, come on, you were one of the few of us who could keep us all guessing and riffing. Zak tries but, well, it's not the same. Greg gets distracted. Do we even know what Miles is saying? and Drewba? No, no, he's the straightman. Miss you and love you, today and everyday.
Hey Jeremy, I think about you a lot man! I ask myself often, "what would Jeremy think about this?", or "how would Jeremy react in this situation?" In most cases, I follow those questions up with a laugh. That's the way you lived life, not taking things so seriously, enjoying every moment! I miss you. I'm taking good care of Mary, Bruce, and Matt in the dental chair! I love seeing them on a regular basis and having them be a part of my life...even if it's just a few minutes every six months, its good stuff. I'm remembering you today buddy, I love you!!
Jeremy- I ran 4 miles in Audubon Park this afternoon in your honor...it was sizzling - 95 degrees!
Happy 43rd Birthday to our Dear Jeremy!        We continue to honor and celebrate your life and all the gifts of light, love, and laughter you gave to our family and so many others.  We are so grateful!        Love,  Mary and Bruce
Happy Birthday up there!  Think about you almost everyday Jeremy.
Happy birthday, dear friend. Thinking of you today and many days, - along with many others who love you. Miss you with us here, but I smile at every memory &amp; am so happy we had our time all together. Love you, brother.
Happy Birthday Dear Cousin Jeremy, Forever my September birthday buddy! Love and miss you, Mary Angela
Missing you Jeremy. Can't play basketball without thinking of you bruh. I keep getting the feeling that I'll see you again and we'll play together again soon.
Hey Jeremy I miss you so much buddy.  Hardly a day goes by that I don't think of you. Henry
All my love to Uncle Bruce, Aunt Mary, Sean, Farah, Matt on this day. Missing Jeremy and remembering all his funny and wonderful attributes.
God bless you Jeremy, I was at the NOAC  earlier and couldn't help but think about you.  Still miss seeing you.
Hey Jeremy, I miss you my brother!  You continue to always find a way to pop into my thoughts whether it be through a memory, a story I share, a movie, a dream or a song I hear...you're always there.  Thanks for continuing to be such a guiding light. Thanks for being such a great friend.  I love you."
Hey Jeremy, Even after all this time I still think of you regularly especially when I am at the NOAC. The memory of your kindness and peacefulness and gentleness remains. I suppose that in the end the significance of our lives is found in the memories we leave behind in others your friend, wayne
Hey Jeremy!  Been thinking about you a lot lately, still miss you.
Hey Jeremy..I miss you so much buddy. I see your parents every once in awhile and I know that they miss you even more. You were always understanding of my pain and needs while I was on your massage table. No one does it better. Miss you every day. Henry
I was just wondering whatever happened to (left New Orleans in 2010) and was shocked to hear about this, belatedly.  Jeremy was an amazing actor, personal trainer and massage therapist.  My condolences to his family and associates.  Jeremy always knew the right thing to say to motivate others and was such a positive person!
I saw Creed today and there was no way I could watch this Rocky movie spin-off and not think about you.  I so wish you could have seen it and that we could have talked about it. I know that you would have loved it!  It was a really good movie and thankfully, Rocky was more of a co-star than a supporting player.  It was great.  You will definitely be on my mind in March when I see Batman V. Superman.  This is one movie I know we would have seen and argued about endlessly.  Just the title of the film would have kept us bickering long before it came out.  I so wish you were here to talk about these films but I felt like your spirit was there today enjoying it with me.
Happy Birthday, Jeremy! You are so dearly missed and we are so deeply grateful for your presence in our lives.  Love, Mary and Bruce
Hey Jeremy, I forgot it was your birthday. Mine was just 2 weeks ago. We are both virgos. Maybe that's why we got along so well.  I miss you buddy, Henry
Happy Birthday, Jeremy! I remember this day clearly 23 years ago, as we were just getting to know each other. I believe a few beers were had. Miss you, brother.
Happy Birthday Jeremy, miss seeing your smiling face at the gym...
Nothing that is can pause or stay; The moon will wax, the moon will wane, The mist and cloud will turn to rain, The rain to mist and cloud again, Tomorrow be today. ~Henry Wadsworth Longfellow Thank you for choosing to be born in my lifetime. Even though our meeting was brief, you and your many friends have had an indelible impact on my consciousness.
Happy Birthday Jeremy!! I remember carrying you down the stairs of your house when you were a baby. You were a big and strong baby and my five year old petite frame had no business doing such. What a shock it was for your mother who was at the foot of the stairs. Missing you cuz!
Happy Birthday Jeremy! Thank you for bringing so much care, joy, laughter, and love to our lives. The gift of your presence is too big for words. We are forever blessed by the precious time we had with you. Loving you beyond space and time....
42! So old! ;) you're always present during my training runs and when I complain about things I always remember "You have two legs, use them!" Hope you're having a blast. Miss you much.
mary bruce  matt and sean sending you guys love and hugs on this day .jeremy  is your forever angel  hes in heaven with our family and friends sending love from above
About Angels and About Trees Where do angels fly in the firmament, and how many can dance on the head of a pin? Well, I don't care about that pin dance, what I know is that they rest, sometimes, in the tops of the trees and you can see them, or almost see them, or, anyway, think: what a  wonderful idea. I have lost as you and others have possibly lost a beloved one, and wonder, where are they now? The trees, anyway, are miraculous, full of  angels (ideas); even empty they are a  good place to look, to put the heart at rest - all those leaves breathing the air, so peaceful and diligent, and certainly  ready to be the resting place of strange, winged creatures that we, in this world, have loved. - By Mary Oliver
God BLESS YOU  LITTLE ONE   X
ove and miss you dad and you will always be in my heart
19 years and eveyday there is still something that reminds me of you .
Happy Birthday Lonie, always remembered.
It has now been 18 years and you are missed as much today as when you left us.
You are never forgotten, always in our hearts and prayers.
Never will forget your love for Black Sabbath  and Metallica . I remember diggin up my moms old records and we would jam out to them on the telephone as we would talk
Thinking of you Lonie and recall memories of you and Kristin :)
Happy Birthday, you are always with us.
Happy 32nd Birthday son.
Thinking of you. Always in our hearts and prayers.
16 years have pasted but you are never forgotten.  Love you and miss you son.
Happy Birthday Son. You are loved and missed. In our thoughts, prayers and heart you are with us to  celebrate your special day.
'Happy Birthday Lonie' may your birthday be singing with the angels. You will always be in our hearts.
You are in our thoughts and the memories of you will be with us forever.
Love and miss you bubby...
We were all so very young, middle school :( Gosh ,how time flys! Much love to Lonie and his family .May God give your family comfort at this time , the sweet peace of Jesus cover Lonies' family and friends .The pictures brought tears to my eyes ,brought me down memory lane .
It has been 15 years today since we lost you. Everyday I still think of you and miss you . Love you Son.
So happy to see this site and keeping his memory alive. Always in my heart and never far from my mind. love you always.
I miss u every day so many things remind me of u still and always will , because nothing can fill the void in my heart. I LOVE U SON ! !
This was very nice to view.  Love to all of you...
Aloha from Hawaii: My Mother Ann Austin sent to me this week the obit. on your loss, I remember the two classy ladies going off to work at the bank and they were so young and happy, also I got to go to Tyee with Claudia and lived right down the street from the great Johnson family, so sorry for your loss, she was a great gal Aloha &amp; Love Janice
So many great memories of your mom....she was so special to Steve and he loved your family so much....She is at peace  and you all have so many great memories and she loved all of you so much...love and hugs to all..... ..
To all of Dorothy's family...I have always felt sad that I didn't get to visit Dorothy in her home.  Beings she was older than I was I didn't get to be with her often in her adult life.  I always thought she was a beautiful cousin and her smile and laughter lives on in my heart.  It seemed to me she had a beautiful "painted" smile on her face. Blessings to all.
Hello everyone, Endless hugs to all. Aunt Dorothy had a great laugh, I'm glad she can laugh again. She is a great memory of my visits. Endless hugs to all of you.
May God bless you all with His love and comfort!  Aunt Dorothy was a wonderful person and will be missed by everyone who knew her.  We know that all of the wonderful memories that you have will keep her forever in your hearts. Love to you all!  David, Susan and Family
My dear sister-in-law was very kind  to me and i loved her and will miss her very much.  My Seattle visits were always filled with fun and laughter and great food. Her love for you three children and all her grandchildren was always there for  each of  you without exception.   May God bless you all  now and forever.  Jeris
Your laugh and sense of humor is forever with us, Mom.  I miss your friendship and companionship and will forever be grateful for your generous spirit towards your family.  I am thankful that I could be with you at your passing and now understand that it is not to be feared.  You can be at rest and peaceful without worry or sadness . We love you so much, Claudia, Dave, Matt and Kenny
~ &lt;3 ~
Memories.............Cheryl Pope and Prettie Crim
Aunt Edna was one of the best Aunties ever, I remember our summer trips to Chicago. She would cook for us, her and Veronica treated us very well. She will be misses Love Always Jacquilin Pope Atlanta. Georgia
I Remember The First Time We..........................                                                                   and............... It Made Me Smile.       by Cheryl Pope...I remember you!
I love my “Aunt Edna Mae” I have so many memorable times I reflect upon with her. I remember living with her in Chicago when I was 3yrs old and throughout the years visiting one another. Aunt Edna was truly a blessing to many and she will be missed, but we shall see her again. I Rejoice with a shout of Glory!!! For she is present the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah!!!
Aunt Edna you may be gone but never forgotten I love &amp; miss everything about you your laugh your warm homemade biscuits  mmmmmm memories
Aunt Edna may God hold you close in his arms.  Rest peacefully with your parents. I was blessed to have a woman like you in my life. I know you are no longer in pain and I will always appreciate your wise words of encouragement.
Aunt Edna, may you be in everlasting peace resting in the Golden City. I will truly miss you and your beautiful smile. You are a woman of grace and class. A virtuous woman built of Gods will. I love and miss you always. ;)
My dear big sister the second eldest, I am the youngest. I'll miss you but I know you are at rest. Ecclesiastes 3:1-8 begins by saying; There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven:a time to be born and a time to die......... We all have an appointment we must keep!..
Mikey, now you have another loved one with you, dad is there now so now it's you and dad and Jeremy and Stephanie and your grandma Cora along with the rest of the family. The day dad died I was in such I did You have a wonderful daughter-in-law that makes your son so happy he would make you so proud.
Mikey it will be 22 years in June when you went home to be with the Lord. We miss you every day it doesn't get any easier even after all these years. I can't believe that you would have been 47 . If you could only be here with Jacob he got married in October, Marisa makes him so happy, you would love your daughter-in-law.Someday son ,dad and I will be there with you. I love you son you will always hold a special place in my heart, love from mom
I never got to meet you but I really wished I could have your memory lives on in everyone who knew you , you are so loved still  to this day rest in paradise
Mikey, Your son is getting married next year ,he's so happy he and Marisa love each other very much. You would be so proud of your son, he works hard every day. I think of you often, we miss you so much. I got something from Susie's husband Steve today. I got a school picture of you from kindergarten at Coldbrook., once I saw the picture of you it brought back so many memories of when yo were young. I love you so much. We miss you every minute of the  day. I'am glad we're back home in Galesburg but I miss my friends in Kansas City.  Son I'am going to get off of here and try to get some sleep , I love you
Today is your birthday...happy birthday Mikey. ..miss and love you bunches...
well hon another year has went by without you, we have Jacob and his girlfriend in our life and she loves him very much. We are back in Galesburg, we live out at Galesburg Towers.Dad got all the badd teeth and roots on top pulled last week and has been 3 tines to get his back worked on. Dad and I have decided to let Jake and his fiance have the plots where Jeremy is , so he can be near him  he said he wanted to check on some plots there and we already had them I we think that is a great thing and he won't have to put out any cash Mikey.  We miss you so much you are always on my mind and in my thoughts.Someday dad and I and Jacob and your grandma (Hood) Smith my mama will be there with you grandma and grandpa Shepard are there, your grandpa Smith is there I'am sure you have met him and your great grandp and great grandma Smith. I love you and I wish we were together but someday we will have a great homecoming your uncle Morris Smith and family will be there too. goodby son I LOVE YOU, mom
Mikey, here it is another birthday this time it falls on Easter Sunday, I remember how dad and I would buy fruit and other things because aunt Adaleen and Grandma Kathleen would always get you guys a lot of candy. Next month dad and I are moving back home to Galesburg, all the family except Ronnie and his family are there it's time to go home, the sad thing we are leaving some wonderful friends , we will come back to visit them whenever we can.
Mikey, it's been 19 years today since we lost you ,I miss you so much. You have some nieces and nephews who would make you proud , but that son of yours takes the cake, he went to Sandburg to get his GED and to make something of his life and he's engaged never thought I'd say those words I still think of him as our little Jakey.Your nephew Tyler, Vincent's son moved in with his dad about 3 years ago and had bad grades but he worked hard and made us proud and graduated Summa Cum Laude , which is the highest you can go,  he is going to a college called St. Olaf so he can be a lawyer. Austin graduated and is going to Western this fall, he wants to go into business, Gwen was accepted to a college in Ohio, and to of your nieces were promoted from 8th to 9th grade they are Kensie , Yvonne's youngest and Joydrn Vincent's youngest and guess what your going to be a  Great Uncle Taylor is going to be a Mommy, Yvonne is going to be a g Grandma, me I'am going to be a Great Grandma. I LOVE YOU and MISS YOU.
Mikey, it's another year without you and it's not gotten any easier. I have Jacob as a friend on face book so I do stay in touch with your little boy, it's hard to believe he will be 26 next month, he is a very handsome young man. We, have your grandma Cora with us now you would love her she went missing the year before you were born, and she was presumed dead for many years. Grandma Johnson passed on last year.Honey , I love you so much, some day dad and I will be there with you and Jeremy and your niece Stephanie and all those who know the Lord. Rachel Shepard is going to have another little one, she has a set of twins 2 years old a boy and girl and they are darling. You never got to meet any of your nieces or nephews Ronnie has a girl Kayla 16, Cody has 2 a girl Sammi 18 who is in college  and a boy Mason 15, Yvonne has 4 , 1 boy Austin who is 17 he, is getting ready for college this next school year. 3 girls Taylor 21 has been working and will be working and going to college this year, Becca who is 15  and Kenzie who just turned 14 this month.Vincent , your baby brother has 4 kids 2 boys and 2 girls. his oldest is a boy Xaivier he will be 19 in May , then a set of twins a girl Gwendolyn and a boy Tyler who will be 18 on the 4th of July they will be going to college too, then his youngest a girl Jordyn we just met her about 3 years ago no one knew about her but she is definitely a part of this family she looks like Gwen.I guess that's all the family news, except your sister got married again a couple of years ago his name is Michael Villarreal, he treats her good and that's all I've ever wanted for you kids was someone who loved you and treated you good dad and I will be married 37 years next mont on the 17th of April I hope you will look down and simle at us. I love and miss you with all my heart.
happy birthday Mikey hope you know how much your missed down here.
Mikey, i'am thinking of you, of that horrible call we got from Cody that evening, but I know that you are in a much better place a place where there is no emotional or physical pain, I know you are the with our Lord. and with your baby boy Jeremy hold him close and tell him grand loves you both and misses you every day. I was setting in church last night and as preacher was talking about a certain verse you popped into my mind someday I will be there with you too and I pray your brothers and sister and nieces and nephews and aunts uncles and cousins will be too and also your birth dad.Good night sweetheart love you very much. Mom  Anyone , who knew Mikey can go to forever missed .com and go to Micheal Warren Johnson Jr and write on his page today is the day we lost him 18 years ago.
You was my first boyfriend ever. I remember your smile and the way your eyes would light up and you'd get that cockeyed grin when u was up to no good lol. I remember the way u made me laugh and holding hands walking.  I remember talking to you at happy joes you said u was fine. A couple days later I heard the tragidy on the radio and thought no they must be mistaken.... but they wasn't. It breaks my heart. But you will always remain in it. I miss you mikey.
Man Mike you left us too soon. It seems like just yesterday that we were out reciting Boy Scout pledges, catching catfish and hunting rabbits. Time flies but you are not forgotten. We carry you with us in our hearts and I know you still check in with Mom and Dad from time to time. I had been in the military for three years when you made that trip home, on my way to Korea I think. But God knows I wished I could have been home for the family. Mom, Dad, Ron, Cody and Vince. Well just to let you know, we're all doing fine but I bet you already know that. God blessed us and let us know you in life and he continues to bless us with your memory. Love you Brother
I love you and I miss you everyday, you are truly missed.
Mikey i love and miss you each and every day
So sorry to hear of Mrs. Miriam's passing. May GOD give you strength in this time of sorrow.W hen the day's pass may GOD will be there for you and Cynthia to lean on. May GOD Bles you.
My family and I are with you all in prayer during this time of sorrow.
May GOD surround you forever with HIS love, compassion and serenity.  You and your family are in my prayers. God Bless. Dorothy L. Jones &amp; The World Renowned Rust College A' Cappella Choir
Mrs. Cole, know that you are in my prayers and thoughts.  Many blessings to you and your family.
Praying for your family in this time... We love you here at Rust...!
For you Mrs. Cole: In God you will find peace and comfort. Rest in His love. Lean and depend on Him. You will see her again. Mildred
Hey Grandma. You remember how I used to sit at the dinner table for hours just to eat my vegetables? Every time you walked by, I would just start chewing (LOL). No actual food in my mouth &amp; no food ever left my plate...Just a chewing for hours at a time as you would say! I love you grandma. By the way, I stopped eating meat for a while, so I now eat plenty of vegetables. Rest In Peace.
In love and memories, my prayers and thoughts are with you t-Charlene. Love Brooklyn and Dougie
I know that we will all miss Mrs. Johnson. My heart aches for you all.
Tay, I love and miss you. I miss listening to all your crazy ass stories. And your smile was so adorable. I know you rest peaceful so I don't worry. But please, know that you are missed and loved. No one has forgot about you. No one ever will. Your just as famous to all of us as you've always been. Goodnight Angel.
When i got you i knew i would love you and love  you i did. I watched as you grew etching them memories in my mind forever. I thanked God everyday that i was given the chance to be a parent to you. I wouldnt trade any of it. The memories of you will live on in my mind. You had my heart from the beginning. Ur hands will always be wrapped around my heart... I love you forever.....
Just wanted to say hello to you Grape Ape... I hope that you are keeping those in line up there in heaven, even flipper lip Patty lol
A tribute in memory of my dad
Thinking of you, mother, daughter, sister, aunt, grandmother, wife and more.  "Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth." Matthew 5:5.
HE always takes the best"
God looked around his Garden and found an empty place. He then looked down upon his earth and saw your loving face. He put his arms around you and lifted you to rest. His Garden must be beautiful, he always takes the best.
miss u dad
MISS YOU EVERY DAY ALWAYS IN MY HEART XXX
MISS YOU EVERY DAY DAD
Happy Heavenly Birthday Hero
Rest in Peace Hero, our Grateful Nation Salutes You.... Welcome Home
Happy Heavenly Birthday Hero Rest in Peace Hero, our Grateful Nation Salutes You.... Welcome Home
Rest in Peace Hero, our Grateful Nation Salutes You.... Welcome Home  Look down upon your loved ones. Circle them in love and guide them down this journey we call life. Until they meet with you again God Bless
Today was the last day I saw you 4 years ago I didn't know it would be the last time I ever saw you. I miss you so much and wish I had my best guy friend to run and talk to. You were always there for me when everyone seemed to disappear on me. I know you are watching over those precious girls of yours and Kiera daily. She is doing an amazing job with them. I know you are extremely proud of her and how strong she is. She is so brave and sooooo strong. I am so thankful that you gave me her as my best friend since you had to leave, I could never thank you enough for that. One day I will be able to thank you when I see you again. You are so deeply loved and missed beyond words. I wish you were here to celebrate your birthday tomorrow. You might be gone but you have not been forgotten not even for a second. I miss you and I love you.
RIP dear soldier, I'm saddened that I did not get to know you in life, but I have grown to love you threw your amazing wife &amp; your beautiful 2 daughters. Your legacy &amp; love will forever be carried in the hearts of Kiera, Julianne &amp; Elizabeth and your family.
Jeremy....Your daughter Jessica and I miss you so much.. She asks everyday where are you. I know you are looking down at us and smile at such a good job I am trying to raise our daughter...its so hard without you...despite everyone else...I will tell Jessica all the good things about you, and the memories we had together...we love you...and we will see you someday.  Love Jennifer &amp; Jessica
Jeremy.. You &amp; I never had the pleasure of meeting. But I know your wife, kiera. I too am a military widow. Your girls are just beautiful. You'd be so proud of them, &amp; of course kiera for raising them to be such wonderful little ladies. Please continue to watch over them. You are so loved &amp; so missed by them.. X
Rest easy, soldier... Your wife Kiera is doing an awesome job carrying on your memory and raising your little girls. RIP
Happy Birthday Sweetie...I know I am a day late posting this but I didn't let your Birthday slip by without remembering you from the moment I woke up.  We miss you so much and can't wait to see you again...so until we meet again.
Remembering you Nathan on this second anniversary of your passing.  You may not be here in body, but your mark has been left in so many ways and your memory lives on in everyone you touched.
Annie and Family, May God continue to bless you and family doing this time on the lost of your beloved husband and father - Michael. Look to Him for mercy and strength and He will give you peace. Be Blessed! Calvin and Delores Williams &amp; Family - Saginaw, Michigan
There are so many words to describe my amazing cousin Shelby, you were one of a kind, when i would come into town you would come to pick me up and keep me in your care and showered me with love. That was natural for you because you had a heart of gold.  Cousin Shelby although you are gone you will never be forgotten. Rest in heaven, you've earned your wings. I will always love you!
God chose a beautiful and precious flower when he pick Shelby Jean. She was a  beautiful person insided and out. You will be greatly missed by many. To the family, keep your trust in the Lord for your strength.
My deepest sympathy to Julia Mae &amp; Shelby's family. May God bless &amp; keep her family in her absent and during this bereavement time. Danny &amp; I knew her from our school days. "The peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds."Philippians 4:7
I would like to express my deepest sympathy to the Johnson Family during your time of bereavement. Mrs. Shelby Jean will be missed dearly. Praying that God grant the family with peace that surpasses all understanding. I will continue to keep the family in my prayers. May God continue to bless each of you and keep you in perfect peace.
My sister and I went to Lanett High with Shelby and we loved her very much.  She was such a sweet person and a friend to all.  We send our condolnances to the Johnson family. May God be with you all.   Sincerely, Marcella (Sprayberry) Smith and Natalie Sprayberry
I am so sorry to hear about the loss of Shelby Jean, she were a wonderful classmate and a great friend we had lots of laughs and good times in school. I know your hearts are crushed but God will not abandon you. God will help you through the pain, Jesus came to heal the brokenhearted, God will comfort you with everlasting consolation  through his grace. I will continue to pray for you. Net
I AM REALLY GOING TO MISS HER! ESPECIALLY THAT WARM,OUTGOING PERSONALITY.SHE ALWAYS HAD A LAUGH TO SHARE.OUR PRAYERS CONTINUE TO GO UP FOR JULIA MAE,JEROME,JETORRE,HUNTER,MATT AND THE REST OF THE FAMILY.SHE WILL BE GREATLY MISSED BY US ALL.YOUR COUSIN,JACKIE
Julia I know it is hard right now, but continue to look to the hills from whence your help cometh. my family( The Hutchinson) will continue to pray that the Lord give you  and the family strength to get thru this difficult time.
We are so sorry for your loss. Hunter and I went to school together and I know just how sweet Mrs. Johnson was. Remember that Jehovah God has promised to reunite us with our loved ones again by means of the resurrection. (Acts 24:15) Until that time may He continue to wipe the tears  from your eyes (Revelation 21:3, 4)....You are in our prayers. Rachel (Cofield) Johnson and Ronald Johnson.
My deepest sympathy in the lost of Shelby Jean.  Look to God for strength.
A real trooper, always there when someone needed her, she will be missed by friends and those lives she touched.  I'll miss that beautiful smile and gentle way.....Judy Diane
Suzie will be forever in my heart. She was one of the greatest people  have ever met. The first time we met was in our life biology class, and she is the only reason why I passed the class. She was so full of life and one of my best friends. I hope she somewhere happier than that of the life she led in this world. Surrounded by the things she loved and looking down on us smiling.
Suzie will always be in my heart. I remember all of our study dates and taking our online quizes together. She was just a great girl with tones of spirit. She could always put me in a better mood.
Not a day goes by that we don't think of you. Love you forever. Rest in peace, beautiful girl ♥
Ive always been thinking about you but I sure have been thinking about you a lot lately. Miss you :(
Dad, I miss you. I cherish the times we shared and the laughs we had. Rest in peace with mama. You knew she was waiting for you to cross over. I love you and will never forget you.
LITTLE SISTER IT WOULD HAVE BEEN YOUR 48 th BIRTHDAY, TODAY YOU WILL ALWAYS BE IN OUR HEARTS......................... YOU ARE GONE FROM OUR SIGHT, BUT NEVER FROM OUR MEMORY. LOVE YOUR BIG SISTER................DIANE. WE MISS YOU EVERYDAY,
Birdie, it is so hard to believe that you have been gone from us for 15 yrs. now......Our hearts still break for you lil sister, and we love and miss you so very much. We will never forget you. Your beautiful smile, and face...........I will keep you in my memory forever. I LOVE YOU , YOUR BIG SISTER DIANE
Birdie I miss you and love you more than you knew...
Little  sister you have been gone from us for 15 long years now. I love you, and you will be in my heart and memory always....
I love you and miss you so much sis...you will never be forgotten
Birdie, you would have been 46 yrs. old yesterday  March, 30, 2014 had you lived. I love and miss you so very much. I know your children, Melissa, Tasha, and Brandon miss you too.YOU WILL FOREVER BE IN MY HEART LITTLE SISTER.
Dear Birdie, I just want to say how much you mean to me,the day God called you home was the one of the worst days of my life.I had loved you for 32 years and that was long enough,there should've been more yrs for us to spend and bond together.I love and miss you so much,like yesterday was your birthday and I couldn't call and tell you there are so many times that I would love to hear your voice.I am proud to be your sister you fought a hard battle.I would like for your kids to be more involve in my life,but for now will take what I can with them I love all your kids nothing has changed in my heart.My heart is breaking as I sit here and try to type world to you,I miss my baby sister more then anyone could ever know.One day we will meet again so for now take care of mom and Liz and y'all watch over the ones left here.I love all of you so much.
Birdie I miss you more than words can say, at one time in our lives we were best friends, and you could never separate us, but things happened and Ruben got his way.. He never wanted you to have a relationship with your family especially the ones you was closest to. But that did not stop me from loving you and being there for you when you was in the hospital and asked for me to come to you, even though Ruben didn't want me there , you did and thats all that mattered to me, I would love to see you and talk to you, I will always love you and miss you, I love all 3 of your kids even if they think I don't....they have grown up to be beautiful girls and Brandon is a handsome young man and looks just like you....love you always and forever your baby sister
hello aunt birdie. I was searching your name on Google in my free time in my computer class today and this popped up so I decided to make an account and write something. I really wish I would have gotten to meet you. Granny always says I have your hair lol (: love you. &lt;3
In memory of my lil sister Birdie,,,it has been 13 years today that years today that you passed away,,I was so heart broken when I found out,,there was nothing I could do but cry,,I love and miss you dearly,,may you rest in peace my dear sweet sister.....
I love you sis Happy Birthday March 30th
Birdie, I think about you all the time. I miss you so much. You will always be in my heart Little Sister. Your time on earth was so short. I talk to your son as much as I can. He misses you so much. I have talked to Melissa in the past, but Tasha won't talk to me at all. I wish she wouldn't be like that. I love you kids very much Birdie and I know your passing was hard on them. RIP Sister.
Birdie, God knows how much I loved you and wanted to help you thru your sickness, I just hope you did too, I tried but you wouldn't let me,, I hope some where down the line you knew in your heart that I really did love you,, we share a birthday and that can never be taken away, like all the other things was before you passed away, I am so  sorry for all the things in the past,  I love you
Biride, God knows that me and you was very close.I was always there for you from the time you found out you had cancer to the day you passed away.I miss you so much and Love you with all my heart.I miss so many things about you getting to spend the day together at your home going shopping or just having fun.I love you Lil Sis.I wish that your kids would have stayed in my life.
Birdie, I miss you everyday. You fought such a long courageous battle with breast cancer. You were so very young only 32, when you passed away. I love you so very much, you were such a beautiful woman, and mother to your 3 beautiful children. RIP Little sister. you will be forever in my heart&lt;3
well mark you've been gone since february &amp; here it is the end of july. i really miss you buddy!! so many memories we had. not a day goes by that i dont think about you. God bless you mark --rip love tophat
HEY TOMMY mark says you can kep the 20 bucks you owe him. tommy is of course the famous outlaw tom jones. along with shelley &amp; stephanie. altogether i guess you could calls us the misfit gang. please don't forget robert. well tommy borrowed 20 bucks off mark,...mark said he never saw him again. lol one night us guys &amp; a rookie,...took i mean borrowed a fruit's car. please understand, (cont
he car we uhmm borrowed belong to a fruit ( gay) oh hell, he was a whole freakin' orchard cadilac i think. left the car next morning in a mesa out of town.  took thr 5 nice tires sold them &amp; well you know partied.
hey i really would like to say a couple mark's family sure was helpful &amp; kind a special thanks to this site admin istrature
I LOVE YOU, but if you were here right now i kick your goofy ass. lol last time i try that 1977 at iceland arcade i broke the muscle along my side of my knee. had to wear a cast up to my butt for a whole year. can you imagine a nut on crutches wearing a tophat. my cast sure got us alot of rides. but you &amp; i always like to walk around late, late at night
never really had a place to stay after 1974 accept my few friends who let me stay at their house. one night we went to the stix concert tripping on ac ended up trying to sleep in a graveyard with light snow coming down. lol we did alot of strange things
I miss you so much bro. It is so hard to imagine life without you. These past few months were so hard for you. But, you stayed strong and u didn't give up. You didn't tell me how sick you were. You were protecting my feelings. I love you Junior. Thank you for the love u gave to all of us. Thank u for all you done. We love you and miss you dearly.
Brother,I know you are looking down on me and telling me to stop crying but I can.t. I miss you and I am so sad I was able to say goodbye. The whole family and your friends are sadden by your sudden death. We miss you so much. Thank you for the text you sent me John 15:12
6 yrs. since you passed from this life.  Guess you had to go and now so many of our family have joined you and you are probably having a great reunion.  Tell everyone your Dad and I will join you all someday.  Love ya,  Aunt Janet
Happy Birthday Pete...and Merry Christmas. Love you,  Aunt Janet
Happy Birthday and Merry Christmas in Heaven Petey...love always, Aunt Janet
4 years Pete so much has happened since you have been gone...I am  still missing you.  I found the home video I made with you, Rachel and the  boys at my house when I lived off Kessler Blvd.   So real, but love and good memories are too and they never change. Your Dad is not doing well. He and I the are only ones left in this world. He has had all the heart break he can take.  Me too.  We be seeing you soon.  Aunt Janet
Happy Birthday Pete,  well guess you know Rachel is not here with me this year, she is with you now.  Your Dad has gotten worse and I can't get any info or help for him. I guess we are not too far behind so look out for us and we will be together.  I watched a little home video I made with you and Rachel in it and so sad.  miss you.
I hope to hear from your Dad today - he is failing (78 yrs old) and I believe he suffers from a light case of dementia.  I feel as if I am talking to you.  Still miss you.  RIP
I still miss you Pete, especially if I wipe the impala :)  Thought about you lots on your b-day.  I'll see you one day soon.  I am hoping for later instead of sooner.  :)
Happy Birthday Petey
Thinking of you today Petey.
I miss you Pete.  I think of you often, especially when I see the impala. :)
If you know I am thinking of you, then you know this is your earthly birthday and I always remember that.   Happy Birthday Pete.  I know you are better off where you are but I sure wish all of you were still here with me.  I'm greedy like that - want it all and a quarter more - that is truly your Aunt Rachel.  Love and miss you my boy.
Happy Birthday "Little Lord Johnson"  thinking of you often.  Aunt Janet
I tried to light a candle yesterday, but couldn't get to the website, so I will do it today.  Your Dad is really hurt about losing you too.  This took the wind from his sails.  RIP
First year anniversary  RIP Pete,  thinking of you.
Still missing you and want you to know somehow, someway, that your Dad misses you more than I can say.  Happy earthly birthday and Merry Xmas.  Rest in Peace forever.  You've got that heavenly birthday coming up soon.
Happy Birthday and Merry first Christmas in Heaven Pete.  RIP
Iam goin miss u pete n so sad you had to leave us your goin be missed
Rest In Peace Pete. " Albert and i will miss you."
You will forever live in my heart and memory and I will miss you forever.  He sure had those Johnson blues - more like Pop's than anybody elses.
Today is your Birthday Sis: I still cannot believe that you is gone away rom us. I know that you is smiling down on your Mom (Rev. Christine Portis, your Sister Min. Melanie Smith. I wish that you was here to have seen her did her trial sermon. Continue to Rest in Paradise. We all miss and love you so much.
I was thinking about you Sis. It has been six years since your passing. Even though, We meet only during mom's first trial sermon at New Bethel Baptist Church. Also, we did not see one another a lot on  daily basis, I still considered you as being part of my family. GOD will always continue to shine the spotlight on an Angel from GOD. Love and Miss You Sis!!
Toot, although I didn't know you as well as I know your family, this is to give strength to them in your absence. "I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my victorious right hand."Isaiah 41:10
Please accept our sincere condolences in your loss.  May the happy memories you share as a family and the hope of seeing our loved ones again bring some comfort to your  hearts.  (Rev. 21:3,4) Our thought are with you today.
Prayers are with the family during this time of your lost.
I would like to express my deepest sympathy to the Johnson/Lovelace Family during your time of bereavement. "Toot," as she was affectionately known will be missed dearly. Praying that God grant the family with peace that surpasses all understanding. I will continue to keep the family in my prayers. May God continue to bless each of you and keep you in perfect peace.
My prayers are with you the Family.  Do know that God will see you through this tough time.
I would like to express my deepest sympathy to the Johnson &amp; Lovelace family. My thoughts &amp; prayers are with the family. I continue to keep the family up lifted in prayer. From your cousin Angie &amp; Washington family.
I would like to express my deepest sympathy to the Johnson &amp; Lovelace family on the loss of "Toot", I can only imagine the pain,but please be assured that our Heavenly Father knows firsthand the pain associated with death when his son died for our sins, that is why we can have the utmost confidence in God's Word the Bilble that promises that we will see our loved ones again.(Acts 24:15).
Well it's after midnight, but I've thought about you all day. I miss you so much bub! I know you're in heaven watching down on me and my babies. You would love baby Bentley, he's so funny already! I wish you could meet him, but he will for sure know who you are. Rest in Paradise babyboy.
Thinking of your sweet, goofy an special soul...we all miss dearly, rest Easy Kev.
I love your bub very much. Not a dat goes by that I don't miss you. Rest easy fly hi
I love and miss you Kevin.
What I'd give for another conversation with you! I miss you Kevin, love you to heaven &amp; back.
One year today, we all miss you kevin!! rest easy &lt;3
We all miss you SO much Kevin, We had the best conversations late at night and I miss you! 3
I love you, Jerry.  Life is no longer the same for Christy and me.  Today is my second Christmas without you.  The red birds are getting brighter as I miss you more.  Christy goes to Lex. On Mon.  I know you would be asking people to pray for her.  I miss beyond any thing imaginable.  I love you...
Remembering your birthday My  prayer for you is that you are singing with the Angels...You always had a good voice, Grandma, Mom and Dad would love to hear it~RIP in Jesus name~
When I remember You ....I think of all the good times we had, we did so many things, Enjoyed our travels,even though sometimes where intense~ I pray there's a big ocean in Heaven for you, because of your love for the water...I can picture you on a boat fishing, just trolling along with the sun~
missing you always babe
Dang greedy imu bro why u had to leave u aint deserve to leave us big homie u foreva loved we gone hold it down for u bruh love u @breed
Missing you more each passing day. Much love GG
Missing you more and more everyday
Yo greedy I can't believe yu gon I still rememba us being bad as hell in hill manor throwing rocks and bottles at ppl windows fighting together now yu gon  but jus know dat yu will Neva be forgotten and yu will always be missed....damn dis shit hurts
Love You Always n Forever
AS DAYS GO BY IM STILL WAITING FOR YOU TO CALL STILL WAITING FOR YOU 2 COME HOME. WHAT HURT THE MOST IS THAT ITS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN..LOOKIN OUT THE WINDOW CALLING YOUR PHONE TEXTING YOUR PHONE..WE HAD SO MANY PLANS..NOW IM FACE TO DO THINGS I NEVER EXPECTED TO DO ALONE..U MEANT SO MUCH TO ME..WHEN I HEARD YOU WAS SHOT MY HEART STOP I FEEL LIKE I TOOK YOUR LAST BREATHE..SEE U IN MY DREAMS
FOREVER IN MY HEART NEVER FORGOTTEN ...
All My First Born Baby You Are Going To Be Miss Love U So Much Son Rest In Peace love!!!!!!
mn big bra dhis shxt hurt (tears) yu always made sure dha hood was good smh neva thought you'll be gone , ima miss yu grabbin me up talkin bout yu gon have me in a dress LOL believe it or not dha hood aint gon be dha same nomore , yu made sure niggaz was eatin smh rest in peace my boy ! yu left 2 soon man , tell boom ii said wats good , LOVE DAT NIGGA BREED 3
Greedy you will be missed...rest easy bruh I could hear you now like ahh skipppppp what's going on? Where it's at tonight smh you will sure be forever missed
Bruh I don't even know where to start @ ... I'm still in dis belief that ur gone ... My heart hurt GG I miss the shit out u .... U hear me ??? The bond we had will and always will be Unbreakable .... I promise to make sure I hold everything down for u .... I got ur back bro as always !!! Missing my Lil big bro ....
You was the realist i ever met, know  you'll be the realist i'll ever meet. miss you Greedy!
Forever in my heart ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Greedy I love him and all the people too You are on my mind at all times And my heart too I will never forget you love you nephew your Uncle Fesser aka Squeak
Forever n ever in my heart
WILL FOREVER BE MISSED ALWAYS
hey, bro! No matter how hard it's been your family has truely held you down. I bet your watching and seeing us come together ! Your seeing all that's been done and your seeing who always and will aways have your back!! That Molly chick is a phucking problem she was just right for you bra bra she respects and honors your absence so when we meet again u betta marry her:-) I love you man....
Belove,  you were sent to us to be a light in the darkness making a different in the world. As the song says "Gone too Soon", but not forever cause you live in us. R. I. P. Tony "Greedy " Johnson.  ", Semajae (godmother) .
Four years ago today a light went out in our family.  My mum lost her twin and my cousins lost their Dad.  Remembering you especially today but never far from my thoughts xxx
My darling twin, I miss you as much today as in 2012 when you left us. I will NEVER forget you. All my love until we meet again, Your ever loving twin sis xxxx
Andrew loved life and a laugh.  He was always entertaining and a good friend.  When I last spoke to him in the fall of 2012 he was telling me about coming back to Iqaluit and getting the GN in "shape."  He escorted my Mom at the April 1st., 1999 Nunavut Day event and we had a blast.   Lynn, Nick and Louella we extend our sincere condolences.   Ed, Opah and family.
Andrew &amp; family are very fondly remembered in Kimmirut (Lake Harbour). He has left many friends in Kimmirut. Our sincere condolences to the family.
Still missing you bruv, I wish I could have been with you at the end but I know we will be together again one day.
Since I left Iqaluit in 2002, a regular Friday ritual of mine is to visit the website of the local weekly paper, Nunatsiaq News.  It was there I learned of A.J.'s passing. I shared many a laugh, and conversation, with him at the Frobisher Racquet Club. My sincere condolences to the Johnson family.
Life in the north bring you in contact with many interesting and unique people. Andrew always had a intelligent perspective to share on most any topic. His generosity and concern for people always but a smile on my face. My sincere condolences to the Johnson family
Lissie and I have happy memories of Andrew stretching back over 40yrs . We live close to Bramfield in Suffolk  UK  where Andrew was born and brought up. He visited us on our farm many times and those memories will live on .  xxx
I have a wedding photo in my living room.  In it are my husband and I in the church waiting to exchange vows and behind us are the congregation.  Large as life sits my Uncle Andrew, smiling away. Fit,well and happy.  It is how I want to remember him.  He was my darling mother's twin so he was extra special to us.  Bless you Uncle Andrew, you were a star xxxx
I will remember my Uncle Andrew as always being full of enthusiasm; prepared to help anybody with anything and having endless, but interesting stories to tell.  He was a special person and will be missed by all the family, I only wish I had told him this before he died.
I miss you more and more every day. Although life is so hard without you, and both my heart and my family feel like they're missing big pieces, I get better every day for you. I carry you with me in my heart and in my mind with me everywhere i go. I miss everything about you, bestie.  I love and miss you forever, bffeae.
Fly High Dyllan.. To my Dyl, I love &amp; miss you so much, son. I can't seem to grasp any of this still. I don't know that I ever will. Your Dad &amp; I are so proud of you! You were a perfect son &amp; a perfect brother. Your brothers are really missing you too!
Happy Birthday Mrs. Johnson!!!! We miss you so much. It still feels so unreal to me, but I find peace knowing you're in a much better place. No more pain and suffering. I love you mama GG. You're the best mother in-law anyone could ever ask for. Tell my dad I said "Hey". I love and miss you both.
Yes, I agree I have to change this music....its starting to make me even more sad. I just miss you Ma, I still call your cell phone just to hear your voice, I pretend like you're busy and can't  pick up and it somehow gives me comfort. I'm constantly reminding myself of the happier times and memories I have of you. My 1st Christmas without you, I have to pray for my own strength. I luv u!
It's getting close to another holiday and it's so hard to be doing this without you. I miss you so much, your voice, your laugh, your presence it's just not the same without you Ma. What I would give just to have you here. Despite my tears I will try to keep on keeping on and hold my head up high...because I know you'd want me to. You're always in my heart. I'll always love you
Just as usual I am thinking of you. I remember talking to you the other day and asked you to send me a sign that you were near. I just   wana say thank you. Something as simple as Matthew buying Prego spaghettii sauce when we always buy Ragu. You always said Prego was the best and I Ragu. It immediately made me think of you lol! You're still the best Ma!
Josiah, mommy misses you so much! I just want you to know that mommy loves you forever and always! May you continue to rest easy! Love always Mommy
Well mom, on March 19, 1991 at 11:59AM at Fort Sanders in Sevierville, Tennessee, you brought me into this world. Now being 22 years old and having you be my guardian angel protecting me since I was born til the day we meet again, even then I know you will protect me. I am thankful to have had you each Birthday, this is the second one but still one year youve been gone. I miss you, mommy!
Mommy. Happy St. Patrick's Day to you in Heaven. You always loved every holiday. One memorable one was our first year in TN. We got to share it with Mandy and the kids. It was amazing family time. I wish you could be here. Not just for holidays. But for every day. I have so much I wish I could talk to you about. I love &amp; miss you more than all the green in the world. :)
Hey mommy. Today is a celebration of one year you have been held in God's hands. I will be 22 years old in exactly one week, on the 19th, can you believe your baby girl is growing up? I wanted to write to tell you how thankful I am for you bringing me into this world. I miss you and love you every second of every day. &lt;3
Hey mommy. Happy Valentine's Day in Heaven. You have such a great seat for the holidays with everyone. But it doesn't mean I wouldn't want to spend these little holidays with you any less. Dad wishes you were here to share a Valentine with. It is hard for him, I know. He loves and misses you so much as I do. I wish for a warm hug from you everyday. Especially today. I love you mom.
Hi mama. It was hard to come on here for a while. But I knew I needed to. Almost one month more and it will be the one year since God took you to be with him, Brandon and our other loved ones. Please be where Dad can feel you, his appointments are soon and they are making me nervous. Personal reasons, you know why.  I love and miss you so much as you know all the time. &lt;3
It's almost been exactly a year. You left too quickly, as we shed our tears. I can't believe how time can pass, though I am happy you found peace at last. To be your daughter was such a gift, I close my eyes and try to switch those images in my head, they always make me sad but I then turn around and think I should be glad, for dad and I miss you so, this is something you already know. &lt;3
Momma, you know I've had you on the brain so much lately. I even close my eyes and see you and feel your warmth next to me! You know my patience has been tested a lot lately. But I know you are right here in the front row seat next to me helping me along these days! Love you and miss you very much every second.
Happy New Year's Eve, Momma! Even when the best person doesn't get to celebrate with us. I know you are celebrating with Boo and our closest relatives. I remember every special New Year's Eve. We stayed up watching the ball drop on TV live from NYC while drinking our Sparking Grape Juice from the bottle. You said one day we will be in that crowd of people in Time Square. For you, I will.:)
Merry Christmas, mother. I know you have been around. I have felt you. We both know how I have been today. I hope dad was stronger today. Today was also Eray and I's 1 year and 8 months, you already knew that, so today was a lot of things in one. I love and miss you every second of every day. See you...
Mom. Merry Christmas Eve. You have the best seat of all through this holiday season. I know you will have a Merry Christmas and happy holiday looking down at us all. The whole family misses all of our dinners together. For you, we will do it again before too much more time passes for us all. I know you will want to be with us but be with dad more. He needs to feel you most. I love you!
Mama, it is a very bitter sweet 12/12/12. 9 months ago exactly today you left me, this world and everything I knew of you. I hope you realize you are making me think of you too much today where I can not stop my heart from aching and my tears from flowing. Miss and love you so much more then you ever knew...
Well mom, 7 days til Eray and I leave Turkey and go back to the states. I plan on seeing dad soon as we get back and also for Christmas. He is struggling this holiday season, like all of us, without you. We definitely miss your cooking, sense of humor and our gatherings. I love and miss you. I see you in everything everyday. Forever your baby girl, Weezie :))
Mom, I just had dinner. Turkish dinners are delicious. You would have LOVED the foods here. It is amazing... But you were and always will be my most favorite cook. No matter what you made, you made it amazingly perfect and beautiful. Don't forget Dad today at his Dr. appointment. Let him feel you with him. I love and miss you more all the time.
I did not meet Pam until after her and Gary started dating.  She had a great sense of humor and always made you laugh.  She was one of the best cooks and such a good friend to everyone."
From earth to above. Happy Thanksgiving to the one I love. I miss you dearly, that will never change. I regret the moments we missed every single day. I know you are around me, I can feel you. Boo, take care of mom, okay? Take care of each other til we reunite again. Love you, mom.
Hey Mama. It is one more day closer to Thanksgiving. There are not enough stars in the sky, not enough water in the oceans and seas, or enough seconds in the days to share how thankful I am for you and every bit of every thing you've done for and with me. I adore, love and miss you more then anything. I will be seeing you, hugging, kissing you and spending time with you again one day!
I was drinking green tea while watching a show about a gentleman who was serving our country. I always remembered the times we would have special tea times together, almost 4 times a day. Also every place we went to eat, grocery store we shopped in, or any place we walked. If mom saw someone in a uniform, EVERY TIME her words were "thank you very much for your service" with a big smile! :)
Hey gma I miss u so much! No matter what kind of mood I or any1 was n it seems like ur peaceful,joyful,creative,lovingly,relatedness,caring,mind,a down to earth woman! Nvr was I unhppy within ur area! U wld feel me wit laughter! Ta last time we came down we got lost on the way to u 3-4 hr later walk n u say " wereve Yale Ben" I LOL while mom says "went ta wrong way ex 3.5 hrs" u LOL wit me
Just do it. Go out, do it, and see it. Everything you can!" Words to live by. This is how I am honoring my mother. By doing exactly that. She is in every place I am, even here in Turkey. I saw her on the plane, in the sky and as we landed. I love and miss you, mom! I hope to finish our list of places we were going to go before I come see you in that magical and much higher place above!
To my great niece Callie. Pam was not only my niece but my childhood playmate, i was 6years older then Pam, I would go spend the weekend with her and we played and had lots of fun. I remember the big two story house the Cornetts lived in. i remember " Goodie" Teasing and playing and Grandma and Granpa Cornett treating me as their Grand child. AS we got older we shared secrets and tales.
Pam was a blessing to me.  It seemed she always stopped by my office at the YMCA just when I needed a lift.  She loved the Lord and often shared a Bible verse with me, again, always at just the right time.  I remember telling my mom once that I felt like Pam was an angel, sent from God. She was a generous and gracious lady.  God bless her whole family.
I will never forget how you made me laugh so hard. When I think of some of the things you told me I still laugh and I have to tell Rodney about them. I will never forget you and miss you dearly, I'm glad that I stopped by to see you all the last time I was in. I love you Pam!!!!
The week I won the science fair and you called me. A day I will always remember because of personal reasons. Our late night phone calls.  Our ability to relate to our familiarities, that was the best feeling. Giggling-a big part in the relationship. You could make anyone feel comfortable. Creativity, inspiring,mysterious. No one could think of you and stay mad.  It was an honor meeting you
I wish that moment was here again. That last moment I saw you, heard your voice, thought about coming to see you but was "too busy working". I should of never been too busy. Hearing you were in the hospital bed awaiting God's light, tore me up. He needed a gifted, talented and beautiful angel to watch us better. But I still want to be selfish and have you here in person. I miss &amp; love you.
I only met you a couple of times, but your smile and your sweetness always touched me. You always had a kind word for me, and many times Callie would tell me that you had asked how I was doing. Just knowing that you cared enough to ask always meant so much to me. Thank you for your sweet spirit and your kind heart. You are greatly missed.
We were friends before we were sister-in-laws &amp; I will always love &amp; miss you. Had some great times together &amp; will not forget them. Wish we could had more. Love you &amp; miss are late night talks.
This is dedicated to the memory of my grandmother its been 20 yrs since she passed away though her light still shines in our hearts.
HELEN, ITS BEEN 3 YRS I MISS YOU &amp; LOVE YOU , TILL WE MEET AGAIN, R.I.P.
MERRY CHRISTMAS 2014 ,JIM  &amp; LINDA ,LOVE YOU...
Love and miss u mom
I think about you every day. I know you're taken care of in heaven but I miss you and wish I could see you one last time.  I Love You Very Much.
o my darling son jamie in 13day's you have been gone 27 year's on 29th may were as the year's gone it only seem's like yesterday you am alway's rememberd and never forgotton fly high my little man lot's of love from your broken hearted mommy xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
TO MY DARLING SON MOMMY LOVE'S AND MISSES U SO SO MUCH R.I.P MY BABY BOY LOT'S OF LOVE MOMMY XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
o my darling son jamie i love and miss you so-so much ,a day never goes by when i think of you my baby angel sleep tight and fly high my little man lot's of love mommy daddy nathan daniel kieran and baby summer xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
It has been two years since you left me. It seems like forever and yesterday all at the same time. I miss you so much. I am thankful for the time we were allowed. You left me with so many memories. Daddy know you are with Jesus. You were such a good servant for The Lord. Now you get your rewards which I believe are great. Always know how much I love and miss you. I'll be looking for you at Jesus's feet.  Until we meet again you are in my heart always.
I am missing you more with each passing day. I thought time was to help ease pain.  I hurt just as much if not more.  Every day that goes by that I wish I could just call to say hey Daddy.  I am at a loss for words, but my heart aches so much. I am being selfish I know because you are where you lived your life to be. Thank you Daddy for being a true Christian in front of me. Love you 4ever
My Daddy was a GREAT man! He was the Daddy everyone else wished they had. My Daddy was a Christian and now walks with the Saints in Heaven. I miss him more than any words could ever say. He was my world, and I never even dreamed of life without him. Losing a Parent is a pain like no other. He was taken so sudden! What a difference a day makes. My life is forever changed without my Daddy.
Father in Law.. You just left us and I MISS YOU so much already!! We have a huge hole in our heart, we have shed so many tears. But now you feel no pain, you are with the LORD!! REST and walk along-side with the angels. We will never forget you! We love you!
Thank you for welcoming me into your family so easily. We let Mahea know how much you loved and adored her...I wonder what you would think of having a 3rd Keith K Farley (Kalani) . We miss how you made the holidays and special occasions feel so good. You were an amazing cook, always had something good/festive to drink, and took pride in being beautiful on the outside as well as inside. I also really enjoyed you sharing stories with me of when you were younger. Happy belated birthday
Love and miss you always.. Erick
Patti and I raised our children together.  We had fun on our "Girls night out" and worked together as PTA officers at Mt. View School in Hawai'i.  She was brilliant and shared with me her wealth of knowledge.  I am happy that I had the opportunity to spend time with her shortly before she got her angel wings.? ALOHA NUI LOA, A HUI HOU.  Until we meet again!
I enjoy hearing many stories, Hopefully I can see videos...and a letter or two ;) to know what it was like turning to whenever we needed you for advice or just to talk when we felt lonley.
To my Beautiful Mother,  although we miss you so much..  your presence and spirit lives on in our hearts and minds each and everyday here with your granddaughter Kaylee as well as your great granddaughter Alaina together here in Vegas.. Merry Christmas Mom!  Love you Always and Forever... Your Son,  Erick
For all who knew Patricia my Mother, your Sister, your Auntie, your Grandma, your Friend...  Please feel free to leave your condolences in memory of her Life here with us!  May we never forget how Special her time with us has been &amp; may her Spirit and Memories remain with us Forever... Much Love &amp; Aloha
Miss and Love you Mom! Although it's been 7 years the best memory's of you remain on  my mind each and everyday always and forever...
That million dollar smile! The laughter, the advise and that big heart! You will be missed but through your beautiful boys, your legacy will forever live! My heart goes out to the family. Sly your family will always be in my prayers. Rest in peace.
The St. Louis, MO memorial service is ACTUALLY, Saturday, September 15, 2012, 11:00 a.m. at Newstead Missionary Baptist Church, 4370 N. Market Street, St. Louis, MO  63113
I went to school with Slyvester and i had no idea he passed. He Will be truly missed by our class 1978 at Mercy High School. My heart goes out to his family. I will be praying that GOD will give them strenght.
Sitting in your chair each time over the past 13 years was always a great experience that I will truly miss.You were a great man that loved your family and I learned so much by listening, watching, laughing and interacting with you.You will be missed but your legacy carries on through your beautiful young boys and I know that they will continue to make you proud. Love, Jaz
Three years seems like yesterday and yet an eternity. I miss Mom in so many ways, words cannot express...
Has it really been three years without Albe? Seems like yesterday and forever all at once. How she is missed and how her loss is magnified by the fact that just yesterday we held a memorial for Dona Gerson, another of the beloved political crowd and a charter member of B&amp;P. Goodbye again Albe, and Ned and Dona and all the rest of that distinguished crew.How we miss you.
Many good memories surfaced this morning as I unpacked a warm, fluffy well-knit sweater that was given to me by Albe in the early '80s when she was my boss at Evanston Hospital.  I so enjoyed working with Albe and will remember her smile, her sense of humor and her quirkiness - and a wonderful meal she and Ned shared with me at their home.  I learned a lot from Albe and am grateful. My condolences to the Lauterbach family - and apologies that this comes so late.  It's been a number of years since I've lived in Evanston and I'd not heard the news.   I am thankful for this special sweater - it has been closed to me all day, and I have been warm in body and soul.     Alison (Bayly) Idriss
Dear Ned, Thank you for your card.  I am so sorry for your loss.  We too enjoyed having Albe in our store. Peace, Ayla's Originals
What a force for good!  Albie was an Evanston treasure.  Thank you for sharing the wonderful photos of her youth and her beautiful family.  It gave us another insight into her life- to those of us who knew her as a political dynamo....and a great friend.
What a force for good!  Albie was an Evanston treasure!  Thank you for sharing the photos of her youth and her beautiful family.  For those of us who knew her as a friend and political dynamo, it was wonderful to see this side of her!
Kacki: So sorry for your loss. Cis and Jim ~  Melissa Redmond
We shall miss Albe We all learned so much from her,  Our friend, our community mentor. Farewell Ms. all things Evanston Lucile and Henry Krasnow
We met Albe and Ned through politics in 1971 and been fortunate enough to have worked with and kept in touch for these last 41 years.  Albe was a stern taskmaster and a wonderful friend, who will be greatly missed.   Mary and Michael Goodkind
Posted on Chicago Trib site: Sorry Ned and all the family. Have missed Albe ever since our book club disbanded years ago. We had fun in those days! ~  Mary Senn
So sorry for the families loss. I may be wrong but if this is the Lauterbach's who lived on Greenleaf in Chicago in the 60s please have Stew give me a call @ (847)363-7172. Many fond memories of nights in the tree house eating Bing cherries. ~  Steve Ballard, Glenview, Illinois
I would like to express my sincere sympathy to the whole family and especially to Ned.  Having met Albe and Ned and knowing Kacki and her family for many years it easy to know why everyone is so sweet, kind and intelligent.  She will be missed but her passion for life and helping ours will live on in her children and grandchildren.  --- Love Robert
How blessed we all have been to have known Albe all these years!  She was amazing and expected the best of others and gave so much to the community and all of us. Thank you to all of you Lauterbachs for sharing Albe with us. She will be missed. fondly. Bonnie and Jay
When I was growing up, Albe and Ned were political/ethical lodestars.  My mother told me that the Lauterbachs, the Lazars, the Bentons and a few others founded the Evanston Democratic party.  We all will miss her warmth, her wit, and her wisdom -- but we will never forget her.
I would like to extend to Albe's family my sincere sympathy at this time.  It touches our hearts to read this tribute to a remarkable life so well lived.  Albe was deeply committed to the causes she supported.  I see that same commitment in her daughter Christine, who by her work at Friendship Place helps to rebuild the lives of others less fortunate.
We will dearly miss Albe.  The reunions will not be the same without her.  All our love to Ned and the family, we look forward to seeing you all again. Love, Ray, Abby, and Michael
We will miss Albe, she was always fun to be with at family reunions. Ned and kids, we're thinking of you. Your photo memorial on this site is beautiful. Love,  Robert and Linda (Lauterbach) Timberlake
Intelligent, satirically witty, political, caring, outspoken, involved in her community.... Albe contributed so much to all of our lives and I will miss her.   Love, BJ
I’m so glad we got to know Albe through the Lauterbach Reunions, and I’m sorry that she will not be at our next reunion.  I’m watching the Democratic Convention, something I know Albe would have been doing if she were still with us, and I just made a contribution to Obama re-election campaign in her name.  Ned and family, our thoughts and prayers are with you. -- Karen, Mark, Luke &amp; Kyle.
To the Lauterbach Family, Our prayer are with you and your family, very sorry for your loss of a great Wife and Mother and Grandmother. Stay strong. Always, Sue and Ken Smith
To all the children and grandchildren of Albe Lauterbach and most of all Ned - Your family has been an inspiration to me through life, a constant example of what a contribution can be made. I have loved being included in the family reunions, although my grandmother, Emma (Will's oldest sister) did not contribute much to the Lauterbach chain!.So sorry Albe will not be at the next reunion o
Last night, as I watched Michelle Obama giving one of the best convention speeches ever, I thought back to 1984 when I sat with Ned and Albe to have a beer and to watch Mario Cuomo give his thrilling (at least among Democrats) Tale of Two Cities rebuttal to Reagan's Shining City on a Hill speech.  It really doesn't seem that long ago.  Albe, Michelle's speech would have thrilled you too.
I would like to extend my heartfelt sympathies to Albe's family and friends. Although I did not know Albe, I do work with her daughter, Christine, whose compassion and care for the less fortunate inspires everyone who knows her. It's clear that her "save the world," community-minded attitude is rooted in her upbringing, especially from her mother. Hugs to all.
Donations to Obama! How perfect and how Albie would love it! I met Albie through politics and from there it grew into a social relationship as well. How lucky we were to have known her and to watch how she lived her life serving her family and community. She had no regrets, we have nothing by gratitude. We will miss you Albie.
I regret never having met Albe. She certainly was someone I would have admired and enjoyed. However, I have spent time with two of her daughters, Amy and Christine, and can't help but assume they got much of their initiative, smarts, and commitment to social justice from their mom. We certainly need more such souls in our troubled world. Thank you for sharing Albe's story with us this way.
So sorry to hear that Albe is gone. I am honored to have spent a week with your mom and dad in Grand Gulch to celebrate their 60th birthdays - it's hard to believe it was 30 years ago, but a memory that has not faded over the years. Hugs to you all, Carolyn (Tzitz) Shimek
I didn't know Albe personally, but I know Steve, and he is a living testament to the values his mother held dear.  Thanks for posting information and pictures, enabling us to know her to some extent.  Much love to all the family at this time. Vida &amp; Bill, neighbors in Big Trees Village
We will miss Aunt Albe.  She was a wonderful person and I have loads of great memories of family gatherings growing up.  She had a full life, produced a great family, and truly made a difference. Will, Leslie, and Rebecca Parrish
I never stood taller, or felt prouder that when I was lucky enough to be in Albe's company. She never made anyone feel small, even though she was a giant. I'm so, so sad that we only got 90 years with her. It just wasn't enough. Able always took care of everything. What will we do now?
It was an honor to be a friend and Forest Avenue neighbor of Albe Lauterbach.  Her passion for her family, her community and her politics was truly remarkable, and inspiring.  Rest in peace, dear Albe!
We thought the world of Albe.  She will be missed by all. Hugs to Ned and the rest of the family from us. Love, Carolyn, Rob, Emily, and Lauren Lauterbach
My family and I have always enjoyed the "June Birthday Parties" over the years. Albe was a wonderful woman and always a pleasure to be with.  My prayers are with all of the family now and especially with Ned as he embarks on a new life.
Dad - I miss our talks no matter the subject, they were great.  Thank you for all the support and love you gave me and my extended family throughout the years.  You taught me how to be humble and how to dedicate myself to my family.  After a lifetime watching and living with you and Mom I have realized my purpose.   When I think back on all the things you did for our family, the way in which you cared, I’m filled with a sense of gratitude and pride.  I seldom took the time to tell you I loved you until the end was near.  I am honored to have been your son and I tell you now, you are the best father I could have had. Much Love and Respect "Chuck”
To my hero, my father. I love and miss you. I think of you everyday. You are in my heart. I look to the stars at night for your vision. Thank you for the times we had together. Thank you for your service. Love an miss you.
Happy Birthday! You would be 69 today. Hard to believe time goes so fast. Been a busy year with our new grandson Beckham. You would have had so much fun with our 6 grandsons  and 2 granddaughters. I try to go to as many of their school and sporting events as I can. Make a lot of trips to Manahatan. I am watching the Chiefs game tonight for you. The family and I share a lot of good memories. You are missed everyday and thought about a lot. We all miss our family glue. Love you. Pat
Five years ago today we lost you. Your are missed greatly each day. Our life's have changed forever. I am sadden so much that you never got to meet your  four youngest grandchild. Trisha's little boy is six weeks old now.i am spending a lot of time with all of them. They are the joy of my life. All the family talk about the memories they have of you.  Love and miss you every day. Pat
Happy 68th Birthday Bob. You are still missed very much everyday. The family are all doing good. The grandkids all 7 of them are growing up so fast. Wish you were here so you could help me spoil them. You would enjoy the sports they are starting to take part of. I am going to watch the Chiefs for you tonight. Love and miss you!! Pat
4 years....hard to believe it.. We think about you often and the kids always spot red Cardinals @ home and say there is grandpa Bob! We talk about you often and keep your memory alive and strong.  Wish you could be here to see all the new additions to the Johnson family but know your watching from the heavens above..love and miss u.
It is hard to believe it has been 4 years since we lost you. You are thought of every day. I will always remember all of our good times and the memories I have.  I wish you were here to enjoy our 7 grandchildren and the memories they could have made with you.  I am trying to give them love and spoil them for both of us. You are still in all of our thoughts and memories being shared. Especially with the grandchildren. Love Pat
Happy 67th Birthday, you are missed every day. A lot has changed this last year. You have 3 new grandkids. Wish they could have known you, but I know you are watching over them and all of us. Love You Pat
Happy 66th today Bobby! We will be thinking of you today as always..if only you could be here to see your ever expanding family.. we wil all do our best to make you proud. We miss you and love you!
Dad, not a day goes by that I don't think about you. I cherish my memories of you. I think you would be so proud of your grandsons. When I look at them my heart aches that you are not here with us. They sure do miss you. You are always in our hearts, and we know you are with us in spirit. I love you so much dad!
Happy Birthday Bob you would have been 66 today. You are missed every day by me and and all of your family. You would  be very proud of our children and there families. The Grandchildren are really growing up.. Wish you were here to see our next three little ones.. I am going to retire and be a full time Grandma. I will have many good memories to share with them. Miss you everyday and love you!!
Happy Birthday Bobby! We miss you very much! We bring you up still nearly every day and always have a laugh at what you would of done or said. Hope you are celebrating up there. Skye brings you up quiet often and oh my if you could see Dayton now!!... I think we may have a daredevil racer on our hands..so do us a favor and keep an eye on them both.. Love and Miss You.
Happy Birthday you would be 65 today.You are still missed every day. We have all our great memories. The family talk about all of the good and occ bad times me had.You should see how the grand kids are growing up.I can see some of you in each of them.Love you and miss you.Pat
It has been a year since you left us.You are with me and in my memories everyday.I will always remember all of our happy times.I have many good memories  vacations, racing ,raising our family and our special grandchildren. You will always be missed but always in my heart The family was here today so we could share our memories. Miss you and love you.  Pat.
Dad, It is hard to believe it has been a year since you left us. Not a day goes by that I don't think of you.  Our family greatly misses our "leader" and the man that had the answers to everything. I wish I could give you one more big hug and hear your voice. I love you and I am so grateful for having the best Dad ever!
Happy Birthday you would be 64 today. You are missed so much every day. All of your family will be here today to celebrate and remember all of our good times You were a good example for our family and we have a lot of good memories to help us through each day. you are greatly missed and loved so much    Love you Pat
Thinking of you today as we celebrate your life..Skye talks about you nearly every day you had a huge impact on her for the short amount of time you were with us and Troy and Dayton give us glimpses of u daily. Our life has been turned upside down but the family values you instilled in your family help us to keep moving forward..Happy birthday Bob always in our memories.
It get's harder and harder each year to think of you my butterfly niece. You are continuing to spread your wings. Happy 27th Birthday, I wish that you was here to spend it with the rest of the family. Until we meet again.
Today, it would have been your 26th Birthday. To a Special Niece: I wish that you was here to be with the family., Kesliegh, continue to spread your wings high up in heaven. You was gone too soon away from us I Miss and Love You!!!
Happy Birthday to a Special Niece: I know that we have not talked in a while. You is always in my heart and will always be in my heart even though you is not with us. I miss my beautiful Sunshine. I know that you is smiling down on us. Today, is your day to a beautiful young woman who was gone too soon. Continue to Rest in Paradise. GOD is always telling us that you is alright.
Happy Birthday Lady Bug Kesleigh: I wish that you was here to celebrate another year of life. However, your life was cut short to due illness. Doctors did everythinng they could. I know that you is in heaven smiling down at the rest of your family. I had my times that I will cry and other days I will smile. Keep on smiling for the family to my beautiful niece. Gone Too Soon!!! R.I.P.
To my sweetie Niece Kesleigh: You fought a good fight. I will miss your beautiful smile you have brought to everyone who loved you. Angels of heaven is spreading your wings R.I.P. ladybug until we meet again. So young !! Gone too Soon!!!
feb 14th 2013, a year mom you have been gone from us. it does not since this time has passed so fast. I miss you and think of you every minute of every day and will always remember your love.. I miss you mom.
I had the Pleasure of taking care of My Mom her last two yrs and nine months,,, and I would do it all over again just to spend that time with her. We had a chance to bond  and we came to rely on each other alot. She was my Bestest friend  and the Best Mom in the word. I will Always cheerish the time we had together  and I have No regrets,,,,,Love  and Miss you Mom,,,,,Forever Junie
my mother would give you the shirt off her back. when there was only one slice of pie left in the house, mom would simple say oh I don't really want it . you can have it...my mother was so proud of her family. it did not matter if we had much money growing up. we did not care. we had my mothers love always..
REMEMBER MY MOM IS WHAT I PICTURE HEAVEN WILL BE LIKE.SHE WAS THE GREATEST MOTHER YOU COULD HAVE ASK FOR..SHE GAVE  AND GAVE, HER LOVE HER TIME,..SHE REALLY NEVER COMPLAINED TILL THE END...SHE IS MY SUN THAT SHINES, THE STARS IN THE SKY.I WILL FOREVER MISS YOU .I LOVE YOU MOM
he greatest mom in the would.we shall forever miss you....
What’s an amazing sister friend you were, full of love, grace and mercy. You are missed by your family, your friends and most people you met. (There are a few old sore heads who are never happy, and wouldn’t see a Blessing if it landed on them, lol!). I thank God for sharing you with our family. As I look at your baby picture, okay when I was a baby and you were probably 2, you were amazingly beautiful even then!  What a blessing you ARE!  Love you lots!   Miss you and talk about you at our Family Gatherings, the ones we started in our apartment —Family Feast nights!   Love you!
Hello My Dear Friend in Heaven:   I still don't forget.   Your kindness your love.  Such a blessing in my life.  In honor of the day on arrived to be among us.  You were a light in the storm for many.  I continue to hold you in my heart and won't let go, until I see your beautiful face again.   -Anna
Dearest Kay:  We are still feeling the absence of an Angel down here.  You are missed!  Your beautiful, heart, soul and spirit.  You have been with our Father in Heaven for some time now.  But you and your kindness and non judgmental attitude will never be forgotten. Please shine down on us in sunlight beams and giggle at us through the nature fairies when we go hiking.  I've never been able to find a friend quite like you.  Love Always, your friend, Anna
Hi Kay Miss our hikes and time together, although 4 years later you sent me Patty!
Dear Friend:  I am honoring today, the day you arrived to us join us on Earth.  I am grateful for the time you had with us and still miss you, but am comforted more by the fact that you are home with the Angels, where you belong.  You made a difference in my life Kaye, and for that I am grateful to you and to God.   Until the day you are standing at the gate to greet me...   -Anna
ove you Kay, think of you often and miss you.  i thank God for your life and that you are my sister!
It's Celebration time!  I celebrate the day you were born, sweet sister of mine!  I am blessed to know you and have walked with you on this earth. I look forward to dancing in the throne room together!  I love you Kay!
Freedom and the 4th of July remind me of Kay!  That was the last full day she spent on this earth. But Kay found her Freedom and Celebrated it long before those final moments.  Kay was always a loving and gentle soul, beautiful on the inside and the out!  She personified the love of God, even in her darkest hours, especially in her darkest hours, she loved God and loved others.  If you knew her intimately, you know some of the pain she endured, but it did not quench her spirit or diminish her heart of compassion.  She was always concerned more for others than herself.  She was the Favorite sister because she loved and listened. She was beloved friend because she cared deeply and gave of herself.   After she found healing, she ministered to the broken, bringing Hope to them thru the Celebrate Recovery ministry at her church.  God used her to preach the good news to the poor, and to bind up the broken hearted, to proclaim freedom for the captives and release from darkness for the prisoners.  Her story was God's story of grace and mercy which she received and then showered on others.  What a blessing you were, you are, and continue to be, my friend, my sister, Myla Kay Frahm Johnson.
I traveled to Ghana some time back, and revisited the old haunts of Tamale, Kumasi and other places were she once lived and moved.  It brought back all the memories, and just a glance at a certain place made it seem as if I was back in time, reliving the experience once again.  Bitter sweet. I wonder about the girls at the school she once taught. What seed still lives on that she and Ruth planted.  May she rest in peace, her works still follow her
Dearest Friend:   You graced our presence 40 years ago when you arrived today.  How gracious a gift God gave us.  I thank Him for time you could be with us.
July 5, the date you became an Angel no longer walking the Earth but in Heaven walking with Jesus.   I feel your love through the clouds when I am hiking.
Thinking of you Sweet Kay, we just had a Family/Sibling Gathering in San Antonio.  We all sat down to dinner on the first evening and the number was 29 including our aunts, uncles, cousins and our children and grands.  You were missed.  Your children are growing beautifully, and little Myla is so precious!  You would have loved it.  It's been 4 years since you joined mom and the angels, but in some ways it's like yesterday.  I'm so grateful for your example of love and forgiveness that came from God shining through you.  What a blessing you are to our family!   I love you and miss you!
The last time I saw Kay was in Sierra Vista Arizona on 4  / 5 July 2010.  She was transiting through SV where I happened to be for an Army course.  She and I went to a 4th of July event and saw beautiful fireworks.  I almost went to New York that weekend since my mother, of blessed memory, was very, very ill, but I stayed in SV and was able to see Kay for what sadly, was one last time.
I was in Afghanistan perusing my Facebook and for some unknown reason, Kaye ' s homepage opened and I saw her beautiful, angelic picture in the field of blue. Immediately I became melancholy for I felt in my heart and soul that she had become an angel. I had not read her page yet. When I began reading I saw entries saying she will be missed.  I prayed that she was just on an another exciting backpacking journey somewhere and that was the reason why people were saying she will be missed, but alas, that was not the case. But I know she is in a blue field,  smiling at us from heaven.
Today would have been Kay's 59th birthday, we miss you sweet sister.  Next weekend I'll travel to see your precious little one, Myla Monroe.  She's growing up and so cute!  Your "other daughter" now has a beautiful baby too, sweet Tina. I'm remembering happy times, family gatherings, fun times, and Family Feasts through the years, what a joy to call you my sister. What a blessing to have you in our family. I love and miss you.   Your blessing and influence is more visible every day.
Dearest Friend:   It has been just over four years since the Angels came to Earth to take you back home.    Today I celebrate the day the Angels gave you to us and am grateful for the time they gave us to be with you.   Your friend always,  Anna
Kay will always be alive in my memories. She has always been such a sweet soul. This week has been full of thoughts of times together and her gentle, loving spirit.  I am so thankful she was born to be my sister, and re-born to be my eternal sister.  There are people in our lives that have such a positive impact that we can't help but feel better and "more than", Kay was one of those!  Thank you Lord for our time together on this earth and the promise of more to come!
Hi Kay:  The sadness is lessening but the love and joy you left behind are expanding.  You helped me through some rough times.  I see you from time to time with your wings.   Please watch over your family and new grandchild and loved ones.   I expect you to me one of the first to be waiting for me when I arrive.   Love Always,  Anna
Dearest Kay:    I still think of  you when the sunbeams hit me as I'm hiking.   You're a very very special soul and I guess God missed you and wanted you back sooner than then most of of the rest of His children.. Few people I know can still make me cry three years after they're gone.   I love you dear, sweet, friend forever.  I hope you are enjoying your grandchild from your vantage point in Heaven.  Pray for us who are still here that we may see you again.   Anna
Thinking of my sweet sister, Kay this week as her birthday, her sweet grand baby, Myla's birthday, and her son, Michael's birthday are all here. I'll try to post some Fabulous pics of little Myla and the kiddos!    Sweet memories of Kay's loving, giving, gentle, and generous spirit encourage me on my journey here.  I pray her sweet memories light up your days this week and month!  Thank you for your blessings sweet Jesus!
Her sojourn on earth began only 58 years ago today.  Yet her life continues in a better place, as well as continuing to bear fruit in those whose lifes she touched along the way.
So it seems ironic that we think of you most on your birthday into this world AND on your birthday into Eternity!  Sweet sister you are missed here on this earth.  I am so thankful to call you friend and blessed that you are my sister too. In the days leading up today I have been remembering some good times and some difficult, but all sweet. You blessed so many lives on your journey through this world, God is Good!  I love you and miss you, but always thank God for you!
Kay, today your legacy lives on through your beautiful grand daughter Myla Monroe Ramsey. Christen and Myla are a living testimony to your zest for life and the beauty that you radiated while you were with us. Your spirit lives on through them. You are forever in our hearts!
I Thank GOD for the Love and Memories and grieve in this temporary parting, but look forward to rejoining her in GLORY. OH the long walks through the fields alongside the creeks through the parks "I still see and hear and feel the close Love" only as if it were a few months ago....................OH SWEET DEAR KAY   -Bless your sweet resting-
Kay, today is the anniversary of your birth on this earth, I miss having you here.  Yesterday Eon and I were talking about you and how your birthday was coming up.  He said "I miss Auntie Kay, we had fun times together", I agreed. It occurred to me and I passed it on to him, that you have a new birthday now, the day you left this earthly body and got your new heavenly body.  Glorious thot!
I think of you alot, Kay, and thank God for the blessing of you!  I think on many things we discussed together over the years, how you help me see life more clearly, how you love me.  How we shared our hurts and our joys.  I love you and I miss you.
It is almost one year since Kay left this world, and so many things have changed.  I am still learning from Kay's influence on my life and thanking God for her time with us - she is such a Blessing!  I thank God that my girls and grandchildren got to spend so much time with her here in Lewisville.  Kay's influence will be felt today and for years to come. Thank you Father for your gifts!
Kay and Ruth 1st blessed our family when they lived with us in 1974.  There have never been sweeter girls in this world. We have loved them ever since. This world is a better place because Kay was here and the angels are singing because she is now with The Lord. Can't wait to sing a new song with her there. Our prayers are with each member of her family. Love, Rex, Mary, Tres and Linda
In rememberance of the day you were you given to the world as a precious gift.
So, today is Kay's birthday. She would have been 56 today. We would have planned a Family Feast!  We started a new tradition in January.   We have gathered for a full home cooked meal for Birthdays at our apartment.  After eating we played games and hung out.  After Kay's illness and passing, it became even more important. So every Thursday we have Family Feast night.
(Cont). This next week Christen will come to town and we'll celebrate Michael's birthday.  We've had Great times together and expect many more.  Now we meet at our house, but the tradition continues.  We gather for good food, good times and love it.   Plan for your family times.   Remember Kay and her heart for family!
Oh how I miss my sweet sister!  Kay had the love of God shining thru her and about her that touched everyone she came in contact with, thank you Jesus!  I am so thankful that we had the 9 months together before she passed.  We had some great family gatherings.  We had some great quiet times, like sipping coffee on the patio in the cool of the morning.
Kay, thank you for taking care of my Teena when I couldn't be there. After meeting you and spending time with you, I know why you held such a special place in her heart. Your zest for life and contagious optimism will always linger in our hearts. Christen, you know you can count on me and Teena. We love you like family, you are not alone.
Dear Kay's family:  Through the blessing of having Patti as my very close sister-friend, I have known Kay.  I know that her she is free, all earthly troubles far behind her as she soars with Him.  May our Father hold each of you very close and give you comfort and peace.
Dear Frahm siblings: I have known Ann almost 30 years, working w/her at Lockheed in Houston and several companies in Austin. I came to 'know' all of you so well through her. I feel Kay's loss as a shock. Having read Ruth's account of Kay's life, and from what Ann told me of her, Kay left a great legacy here in this mortal world. Heaven holds her Spirit eternally. May God comfort you all.
I too have known Kay's sister, Ann, for 30 years.  We've worshipped together, worked together, and generally shared our lives with one another.  I met Kay only one time, but feel that I "knew" her through Ann's fun and sweet stories.  I'm praying for blessings on everyone who loved Kay, and that they will somehow be comforted at her loss knowing that she is in Jesus' arms now.
The tragedy is not in her getting to go home early.  In that we can rejoice.  The tragedy is the loss her exit brings to those left still standing on the stage.  Our sincere prayers are for all those who loved her, and whom she loved.
I will remember her smile and laugh.
We miss her sweet spirit.
A rare jewel, A rare treasure. How fortuneate I feel that God generously allowed this beautiful woman to be among us for a time.
Momma Kay, I miss you so much. I think of you non stop. I hope as I take on my adventure here in Italy you are here with me every step I take. This place reminds me of your spirit. Peaceful, beautiful, and breathtaking. I am going to take care of my sissypoo one hundred percent so don't worry. It saddens me you are no longer with us but I feel you by me everyday. I love you.
Kay was a treasure.  I was blessed to call her my friend.  She always had that beautiful smile wherever she went and she touched the hearts of many.  I miss her gentle way and her loving heart.
I was blessed to know Kay and share our time together.  She warmed my heart with her persistant faith, hope and determination.  I was priviledged to have that special time as she built a stronger relationship with her daughter and connected with her son then at a distance.  God thank you for her time with me.
Hello my love it's your birthday and im thinking of you and all the wonderful things that we did together missing you always you will always be in my heart love you yesterday today and always .Say hello to my Boomboom for me with lots of love and kisses.
Well my love it has been 5long years since you left I did what you asked and found someone to share my life with but I still miss your smile and your heart you will always have a special piece of my heart love you and miss you give boom boom a hug from me and not too many treats  xoxo
Hey babe just want to talk to tell you that finally  I'm in a happy place and I'm happy that you sent Warren he is a gift from you he is everything that you were kind gentle and attentive he reminds me of you we talk for hours every night like we did and it felt so right I think that is what I missed the most and now I feel like I can move forward with my life with Warren it was strange to wake up with him but great  any ways I love you yesterday I love you today and I will forever have you in my heart till we can be together again give Natasha and boomer hugz from me and while your at it give yourself a hug from me to xoxoxo
Hey babe just came back from re leasing the lanturnes but could not get any up this time so Alexis and me walked and talked to you we miss you love always xoxo
Hey babe well it has been 4years today that you left me alone  it has been a long road with out you and an even longer one before we are together again pls give Natasha and Boomer hugs and kisses from me  I miss you all so much my whole world is in heaven and I'm stuck down here I will be patient till I can be with you again  love you yesterday today and always xoxo
Happy birthday my love missing you today and every day hope your self rating with boom boom and Natasha  wish I could see you and give you a big hug and kiss loving you always xoxo
Well babe it's been 3 years today and it feels like it was yesterday I miss you and boomer like crazy I don't think I will ever get accustomed to you not being here I guess I just have to wait for my turn to get called to that big beautiful place in the sky so I can be with you again so until then I love you and always in my heart xoxo
Hey babe it has been a while since last I came to talk to you but you are always in my heart. I hope that you and Boom Boom are enjoying your time together till I come home to you take good care of one another time i get there give my girl a kiss for me tell her i love her and cant wait to meet her we never had the chance to be together in life but when i get there we will be together till then i love you all always xoxoxox
Hey babe it has been a while since last I came to talk to you but you are always in my heart. I hope that you and Boom Boom are enjoying your time together till I come home to you take good care of one another time i get there give my girl a kiss for me tell her i love her and cant wait to meet her we never had the chance to be together in life but when i get there we will be together till then i love you all always xoxoxox
Merry Christmas my love missing you this morning and every morning boomer said miss you daddy
Hello my love had to come on today to say I love you and miss you two years today that you had to go away but to me it is the first day till I can see you again always in my heart loved you yesterday love you today and will love you till the end of my days xoxoxo
hello my darling , just doing some cleaning and you were on my mind so i put the cleaning aside to come talk to you and to tell you how much i miss you and love you there is not a day that goes by without thinking of you always in my heart and thoughts loved you yesterday today and always xoxoxox
hello my love just needed to come talk to you for a few minutes went out to see the fireworks on our anniversary wishing you were with me I know you were in spirit but that's not always comforting when I want to feel you. I keep thinking that this will get better but i still feel like it was yesterday and it is almost two years missing you like crazy love you always and forever xoxoxoxox
Happy Birthday my love just wanted to let you know that you are in thoughts today and always we are having cake and sending you balloons up to you tonight love you and miss you with all my love
Hello my sunshine it has been a cold and lonely winter with out you it is now April 5th and there is still so much snow can you put in a good work up there and ask them to seen some sunshine our way you have been on my mind so much are you trying to tell me something or is it just wishful thinking I'm going to be leaving on my trip in May sure hope you keep your word and are with me on this trip I miss you and love you always boom boom misses you to xoxoxox
hello my sweet sorry I haven't been on to talk to you but the computer was not working. happy valentines day my love it was so different this year I miss you and love you always xoxoxox
hello babe just thinking of you and needed to talk with you I'm going on a trip with Sophie going to Cuba hope your there with me . I miss you so much I try to not think of how much I miss you but some days it is hard to do. I try to keep busy so I don't miss you as much but it don't  work like that. I feel at peace when I'm talking to you hope you are proud of what I am doing love you and talk to you soon as always love you now and forever xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox
Hello my love , well Christmas has come and gone it was not the same with out you I missed all the excitement that you had at this time of year . I did spend it with Sophie this year but it was lonely with out you I hope that one day I will be able to enjoy this holiday and remember all the wonderful times we shared. I love you now and always boomboom said merry Christmas dad. xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxox
hello my love, well my birthday has come and gone my sisters had a surprise birthday party for me I know you were there with me. now onto Christmas not looking forward to that but I know that you would want me to be happy but it just not the same with you gone .I'm going to spend it with Sophie this year your sister sent me a msg. that was really nice of her she wished me a merry Christmas and told me that she thinks of us often. I'm going to send her the picture that I made with some of your ashes I hope that is OK . well babe I should go not much more to say but as always I LOVE YOU and MISS YOU xoxoxoxoxox
hello my love it has been a while since I was last on this site to talk to you. I just want you to know that I'm doing ok I was so happy when you came through to me when I went to see Chris it was all I hoped for and I have such a sense of peace now that I know that you are with me and watching over me I love you yesterday today and always boomer said to tell you he loves you too xoxoxoxo
Im sitting here alone it's 1:30 AM and i'm dying inside it has been one year today that you passed but it feels like you just left. Everyone said it would get easier but it hasent .I still miss you every day and wish i could just see you one more time, tell you just how much you ment to me and how you changed my life you made me believe in happily ever after . I love you still and always .
Hello Babe, just sitting here thinking of you and hoping that you come thrught when i go see Chris i have so many unanswered questions and i need to tell you how much i miss you and still need you i still forget that you are gone and rush home to see you just to remember that your gone those days are hard. i miss my calls from you when you would call me just to sign  to me . I Love you xox
Hello my darling, woke up this morning and thought today would have been our aniversery but now im left with out you. I know that i need to go one with out you but that is not easy to do your in my thoughts always I see or hear something and it reminds me of you. I miss you my love boomer misses his daddy we send our love today xoxoxo
Hey sunshine just felt the need to come talk to you , I've been thinking a lot about you and our life together and how I miss your sweet voice when you would call me to say i love you , those little things i miss the most. I still think of you as i go to sleep at night and your still there when i wake in the morning. I slept with your picture in my arms last night wishing i was holding u
Happy Fathers day my love just think of you on this day I miss you with all my heart wish you were here hope to talk to you real soon till then see you in my dreams boomboom said to tell you that he loves you and misses you to and happy daddy day . xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxooxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo
hello my love was thinking of you im playing on your computer and i just wanted to tell you how much i miss you. It has been 11 months since you went away and it still feels like it was today. I love you yesterday today and always till we can be together again in heven i hope your with my little girl and that you are both looking down and are proud of how i am doing. your loving wife xoxox
Good morning my love, just thinking of you wishing you were here with me it is a beautiful day outside all the birds or singing and flowers are blooming i know that you loved this time of year when all is new . I wish you were here with me to site and enjoy the summer but I remember your gone and my heart is empty again. I miss you so much and love you just as much as the first time . xoxo
Hello Babe, just wanted to say I love you and miss you today you have been on my mind I went to Mattawa and could have sworn I seen you at the gas station it took all i had not to turn around and go back to see but then reality set in again and new that it couldn't be you cause your not here any more. Will this ever get easier I hope so cause dont know how much more i can take I love you
Happy birthday my love i know that to you time is of no importence but for me i could not go through this day with out saying it even if your not with me your in my thoughts and in my heart as you always will be. woke up this morning feeling empty and wishing you could be here with me you left to soon. there was so much more I wanted to do with you like grow old together I LOVE YOU ALWAYS
Lynn and Jenna are here with me today and we are going to sent you a gift up to heven along with your button nose Alexis she misses you always she askes about you all the time so watch for us tonight my love  always missed but never forgotten we love you
Happy Birthday Frank, I came over to your house to steal all your black chips, since your not here to catch me. Hope your having a great birthday up in heaven. Im keeping Loraine on her toes today, shes not alone so don't worry...Jenna says Happy Birthday too...
Hello sunshine, Just wanted to talk to you for a while and tell you all that i've been doing to pass the time till im with you again. It is the 9th of April and your birthday will soon be here and i will have to selabrate it with out you . I will send you all my love in a lantern that will reach you in heaven i miss you i miss the sound of your voice i miss when you would call me and sing
me a song I just called to say I love you. I think of that and my heart breaks for those little things i miss like crazy. Boomer misses you too he sometimes site and looks into space and has a sad look to him  it breaks my heart to see him like that but he is fine most of the time. I understand now when people say that this person died of a broken heart now i know what they meen.
ome days i think I just cant go on then I think of the promise i made to you and i find the strenght to go on.when i get down i hold you in my thoughts like you are right next to me. I wish you could just come and see me in my dreams or something and i know if you could you would I am so conflicted about the way i was with you the last few days you were with us just know I LOVE YOU ALWAYS
Happy easter my love could not go through the day with out talking with you today. All these first suck first Christmas, first Valentine, First easter first Birthday all with out you I hate this every time i think it's ok another first comes along and I remember that i have to spend it with out you  I wish i could just see you one more time so i could tell you how much I love you xoxoxoxox
Good morning my love, just wanted to talk for a little missing you as always sohere I am talking to you via this stupid computer. things are going ok time is passing but the hurt that i feel is not getting any less people say that it gets better with time but it's not i hope that one day I will wake up and the hurt is gone but until then i just have to go on we  love you and miss you xoxox
Hello my darling it has been a few weeks since i last talk to you, Im trying to go on with my life with out you but I just dont want to not yet not ready to do that I will never stop loving you or missing you it is hard some days i think that you will be home when i get there but your not then the pain comes rushing back I have David living here but he is now leaving to . I love you always
Happy valentine my love , yes it is that day and missing you like crazy this was always a day for me to tell you just how much i loved you and you would always do the sweetest things this day to say love you but today im filled with sadness for your not here . I remember every day that we shared and those memories are what will help me through this. have to say I LOVE YOU ALWAYS xoxoxoxoxo
good morning my love, I just got up and you were on my mind so i came to talk to you things are ok here missing you but i know that you can see that  i'm trying to get on with my life with out you but that is prouving to be more difficult then expected you are such a big part of my life and a bid part of my heart that part is empty with out you i miss you and love you boomboom missing you
Hey babe, just wanted to tell you that Im doing ok I miss you more and more each day, I wish i could see you just one more time to give you a big hug and tell you how much i love you. But i think you know that even if I was to live a hundred years my love would remain the same for ever in my heart and in my thoughts boomboom said to say he loves you too and misses you like crazy hugs dad x
hello my love im back from the Dominican had the worst trip ever got sick with food poisoning glad to be back home with you and our boy boom boom i miss you so much that when i got sick i was kinda hoping that maybe the good lord would see fit to bring me home to you but i guess it is not my time yet i have more suffering to do dont know why but i do well i love you today and always xoxoxo
Hey sweetheart, just thinking about you and how much i miss you Boomer and I are doing ok I'm off to the Dominican again it is that time of the year that is always going to be my gift from you I will come talk to you will im there just like i did when you were here with me. this time it wont be as happy for you wont be answering me back but i will have to live with it well babe i love you
Well sweetheart is is January 2, 2013. I wished as hard as i could to have you back but it didn't work whats up with that? I miss you like crazy you are on my mind always I don't do anything with out thinking of what you would say or do. I hope that you are looking down on me and are proud of how i have been handaling things I wish you were here with me love you always and forever xoxoxoxo
Well babe this year is finally over, This has been the worst year of my life cause I lost you , Lucy was going to come and spend New Years with me but once again she ditched me. I have tryed to remaine friends with her cause of you but my new Years resalution is not to have people like that in my life any more I know who my real friends are it is almost new years babe so I love you miss u
Good morning my love well I made it through the holidays it is almost over just got to get through new years then it 's over just wanted to let you know your on my mind  and that I love you and miss you wish you were here with me i know you are in spirt .I cant wait for July 18th I will get to talk to you through the medium pls babe come through that day I love you talk to you later xoxoxo
Merry christmas my love , It is christmas and I am missing you like crazy was with my family but there was some one missing Im trying to be strong but having a hard time . I wished that you could be here but I know you cant so i will have to be happy that your looking down and sending me your love. Boom Boom said to say merry christmas dad love you and miss you xoxoxox
hey babe just want to say that i love you and miss you like crazy. It is 5 days to christmas and i dont know how i will make it thriugh that day you loved christmas so much and i loved making your christmas great this year it will be lonley with out you . boomer misses you to huney we love you forever xoxox
Hello my darling, I'm sitting here at my computer talking to you like you were here I know that your gone but I just dont want it to be true , If I could just have one more hour with you I would say all the things that I thought I had a life time to say but you went away and I wasent ready for you to go you promised me that you would never leave me and here I am alone missing you I love u
Hello Frank,  it's David. thinking of you and missing u a lot. its been hard with u gone. u were like a father to me. i will never forget u.
Goodmorning my love it is 8 am and your in my thoughts, my birthday has come and gone with out you and i survived even when i thought that i wouldn't. Christmas is around the corner and dont know how I'm going to get through it.we miss you so much. Boomer has been taking your boots and filling them with his food for you, I guess thats his way of showing me he is missing you to we love you.
Happy birthday this beer is for you brother. From Brian
Happy Birthday Eric!!!
Incredible that it's been this long....can't hear a Mellencamp tune without thinking of Eric
6yrs.!  Im cracking open a Twisted Tea and remembering some good times.
Happy birthday. You will always be missed and always thinking of you
Happy Birthday brother! I'm sitting here remembering the fishing trips, Barbecue’s, camping, horse shoe games, band practices, tomato plants, and all the prodjects around the house you needed my help with. I’ve stopped over at your house to say hello and to see how Josh is doing. Erica is probably a very pretty young lady now and wouldn’t know who I am. I’m so sorry for the family although I haven’t grieved for you... I’m just waiting to catch up with you. Miss hanging out with you.
Happy Birthday, Eric! I love and miss you very much!
Raising a glass to this cool dude today.  Rock on brother!
Happy Birthday, Eric!
Happy Birthday Eric, I miss you so much, I am having a hard time. I miss talking to you every morning when you would call me just to say hello. I hope I can be with you and your Mom. It just isn't the same anymore with out you here.
Happy birthday Eric. We all miss you. Brian so sorry
Thinking of my brother, Eric...on Veterans Day, 11/11/2016! Thank you, Eric, for your service in the US Navy! Eric was a true Patriot, and is missed dearly!
Hey Eric,Its Steve. I,m living in Montana by the Yellowstone River, wish you were here so we could catch some trout together. Miss You Cousin.
Hey daddy, Happy Birthday. I cannot tell you how much I miss you. This year hasn't been the easiest but it's been getting easier. I have straight A's now, comparing to 3 years ago that's unbelievably amazing. I'm not shy or bashful anymore and definitely not afraid to voice my opinion like I was. I'll be 16 this year and it's going to be so strange because I'm going to be 16 without a dad while everyone can go out on there sweet sixteen with theirs. But it's okay. Because I know you'll still be with me, and I know that it's going to be better than last years. You should see mom, dad. She's great. She's so happy. I'm happy. But it's never going to be complete without you here. I'll be with you eventually though, and I'm going to give you the biggest hug you've ever seen. I love you so much.  From your daughter, Erica &lt;3
Hey Eric it's Brian just having a bday beer for you. Miss you
You showed me a lot of things, I learned a lot I didn't know, But you forgot to teach me one last thing How to let you go. I know you didn't mean to leave, Sometimes we have no choice, I miss being your little sister, Hearing my name called by your voice. I wish I got to say "I Love You" Before you were given to the sky, If God could grant me one last wish  I'd ask to say "Goodbye". You always meant a lot to me, I could never love you less, I Know It's True When They Say "HE ONLY TAKES THE BEST"! Happy Birthday, big brother &lt;3
You're birthday is in a few hours, Buddy. I was crushed and broken hearted to learn that you passed away. I know you're in Heaven shining with your contagious smile and with a glint in your blue eyes. I've had some of my greatest times with you when we were in our teens. Lol. The special waterfall you took me to.....Listening to Rush...the VFD and the parades and the fairs when it was your turn to be there. Lots of great memories. Happy early birthday, to my first true love. Keep shining. I will never forget you. I never have. You'll always be in my heart, my friend. Forever. Love sent to you in Heaven
Rock-N-Roll does not forget!
Remembering my friend Eric today.
Always thinking of you. Miss you too much
So glad got to meet Eric and his Family! Had a lot of good times!!!! RIP Eric!
Whats up pops. Just wanted to swing by and say you got a great son. He's one of the best people ive ever had the honor of calling a bestfriend. Anyways rest in peace.
Peace and comfort to all of Eric's family and friends as we remember him today.
Celebrating my brothers life today, Happy Birthday Eric! - Love, your sister and friend for eternity
Raising a glass today for a good friend.  To Eric!
Dad, it's been two years, and it feels like yesterday that the entire incident happened. Josh has a girlfriend now. Her name is Kacey. You would really love her. She made my dream come true. You know how I have always wanted a big sister. Well now I have one. And mom. She is happy. So happy. It's like you wanted this to happen. So thank you.... I love you so much. But I wish it didn't happen this way. I knew it was going to happen, but not like this, not so soon. We have a new dog, her name is Abby. She is beautiful. God you would love her. I wish you can see her, I wish you can see Kacey, Mom, Josh, and me.. I wish you could come to my graduation, I wish you could be there for me.. I wish I could ask you questions that you never got to answer. I wish you were home. I love you and miss you. I know I could write endless lines about you. I just miss you so much and I pray that God has given you a new home to live in. I think about you everyday. And I will never stop thinking about you... ever.. Erica..
It's been a year, and for you seems a lot longer since you saw him. I miss a lot of your family, Mary Jane and Janet too.  They were so very special to me. You have a great family. Hold them close, be close, It does help. Hope to see you all at our reunion, its going to be in the fall this year.
miss you buddy
One year!  Man, it just seems like yesterday that Eric and I were kicking back playing some golf.  I miss those days!  May God continue to bless the Johnson family and friends and may the good memory of Eric continue to live on.  See you on the flip side brother!
To my one and only love. I keep asking why, but that question has not been answered yet. Maybe god needed the most awesome man in the world, and that would be you Eric. I can't explain how much I miss you Eric. You were such a wonderfull husband and father. Sometimes I still feel your presents, and that warms my heart. I wish you could come back home. Happy Birthday my love.
To Eric's daughter, Erica:  Your beautiful birthday message to your Dad brought tears to my eyes.  I knew your Dad a long time ago..way back in elementary school.  I'm so sorry that you are going through the pain of losing a parent at such a young age.  My Dad passed away 6 months ago, and I'm 46 and I still cry everyday because I miss him so much.  I wish you peace, healing, and comfort.
Dad, it's your birthday. A lot of people were here. We all miss to you and I can't explain how much, but more than anything I've ever wanted. I just want you back... Erica
My favorite memories......Eric took me fishing, to Madison Lake in Ohio.  We had an awesome day laughing about how many fish we caught. I think about  us fishing at High Falls in Georgia and all the times he came to visit me, no matter where I was, in Georgia or Ohio. HAPPY BIRTHDAY my brother, I miss you so much! Celebrating your life, Love your sister and friend for eternity xoxo
I can't understand why God had to take him away from us, I have always wanted to know what it would be like to lose mom or dad... or even both. But now I wish I could reverse time and make it so that nothing had happened. So if I could ever see him, talk to him, or even finally dream about him, I will thank the Lord for letting me. I will never forget you daddy... Your daughter... Erica
I don't have the vocabulary to articulate the loss that I felt when I found out about Eric's passing. Eric was a unique individual that brought more to the table than he left with. We are all better for knowing him and less for losing him.  -Victor
For some reason, it has taken me this long to say something here. I still dont know what to say except we all play a part in each others lives, according to Gods will and purpose. Eric has played his role in my life, and I will miss him forever.
href="http://youtu.be/mHuYeyyOuYA" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://youtu.be/mHuYeyyOuYA</a>  (copy and paste link) A video that I took at "Little Rascals Bar and Grill" in Columbus, Ohio, of Eric playing with his band. Check it out!
My deepest sympathy to Eric's family .  I have so many childhood memories of Eric!! Those memories were of many wonderful times in my life with great friends!!! He will forever be in my heart!!!  God Bless Eric's family!!!
To Eric's wife,children,and family. We all had the pleasure graduating high school with Eric. He was truly kind to everyone. We are so sorry to hear of your terrible loss. You are all in our thoughts and prayers.   With deepest sympathy, WHS CLASS OF 1985
I remember Eric from way back when.....we were in school together at Wayne Elementary.  I will always remember his kind sweet soul.  To Eric's wife, children, and family: I am so very sorry for your loss and I pray for your peace now and in the coming days. -Lori (Newbold) Whittaker
A true example of a generous and supportive friend.  Eric will always be thought of and loved by me. The world is just too quiet without you here brother and I can't wait to see you agian.
Sandy and I want to express our sincere gratitude to everyone for their kind words, stories and pictures you’ve shared with us about Eric.  We’re extremely grateful and lucky to have family and friends willing to express their love and kindness for him in such a way.  Our hearts go out to you.  Thank you.
My deepest sympathy to you and your family.
As we get old the reality of life is hard to face. This is a sad time for all who new him
My deepest sympathy to you and your family!  Heart breaking to hear this!  Readng some of these stories brought back many memories of growing up back in the Port! Our prayers are with you now and the days to come!
My dearest sympathy to everyone for the loss of Eric.  I share your grief as I have lost a very good friend. He has given me many memories that I will forever treasure.
In the short time you were in my life, I grew to love you as my brother.  Eric you were truely a friend and as a man you were the all american guy.  I know you are looking down on us  now and i want you to know your family is safe and my family will always be here for yours.              Going To See You Again  Mel
My thoughts &amp; prayers are with your family. Very sorry to hear this.
I don't know what to say, 2 in less than a year, I never thought this would happen, and now he is gone. I am going to miss him so much, the Steelers was our thing together and his music world. He was special to me, he was the first child, and now he is the first to go, life is not fair and everyone goes through it, I love you Eric Johnson..........Dad!
To Tom and Family, I was so sorry to hear this news. I only knew Eric through Janet and Grandma Mary Jane, but they kept me informed. Rest assured he is in Heaven with them, let that be a comfort at this terrible time, We will have a family reunion in Heaven some day. Love and Prayers to you all.
Hard to belive your gone !Gone too soon ,such a beautiful person inside and out hope you resting in peace, watch over your family they are hurting deeply my heart breaks for all of them till we meet again love you Colleen Fly High Angel &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
Rest in peace, Col...the beautiful girl with the soul of an angel. I'm saddened that you're gone but I feel very fortunate to have known you.I pray your family realizes that, although we can no longer see your face or hear your joyous laughter, your spirit will forever live, in our memories.
Colleen I cannot believe you are gone at such an early age. I haven't seen you in many years but i will always remember the time i had with you and your family in Colorado. I will also never forget your bright smile. R.I.P you will never be forgotten.
I remember how welcome you made me feel When i first came to your home at the age of 11. I was scared and you calmed me down. I remember the slumber party we had, the new years and the Grease play we put on for our parents. I remember the many talks and walks we had. I finally found you and lost you.  I will miss you my sister!! May you rest in peace. xoxo
Colleen, I not seen you in many years,but that does not ease how upset I am that you have joined the long list of our friends that have been taken from us way before their time. I will pray for your familly to stay strong through this tuff time. I know your an angel who will help them through thier times of need. We grew up together and I will miss you R.I.P
So Sad So young Colleen,I havnt seen you in many years but that will never take memories away! Well at least we know there is another angel that wei know!! R.I.P you will be missed.
I ont wanna believe ur gone!!!!!!!!!!! I tried to put my self to sleep for a little bit so i could wake up and pray this was all a dream but its not and it hurts so bad!!! U and I have been threw so much together and thats all that im left with is memories now! i will never get the chance to see ur beautiful face again!!!
U were truly unique and original.i will miss u.u r safe now.luv u forevermore
All i kept on yelling this can't be true , but when I closed my eyes and opened them ten min. later it didn't go awayI It's true your gone. And this time I can't fix it. So young no Lord it can't be true. I ill never gat the chance to put my arms around you again and tell you how much I love you. I love you Colleen until we meet   xoxoxoxo
We finally found each other after so many years, and now your gone. you will be missed.  your with the angels now, fly and be free, free from your pain.
Hattie Ellerbe Thomasine and Louise Trice
Lil Ricky, I thought of you today.  I think of you all the time.  I can still see you every time you run up to me to tell me something new about your life. Your pretty blonde curly hair and your sweet smile. I love and miss you Lil Ricky.  You will forever be missed. Mrs Eppinger
Yesterday was your birthday another one wwithout you. I miss u everyday that never will stray love u forever my loving son. Im trying to be happy like u ask of me but its harder than i ever thought. I love u Ricky love Mom!!!
Happy Birthday Daddy I love and miss you terribly....I wish I could hold tou one more time and kiss your soft lips...
Eight more days and ita been a yeae you have been gone...feels like yesterday you left us...we miss you so much...Little Ricky askes where you were the other day..pointing out the window saying Daddy...he also says your in his heart and laughs....we love you Daddy...rest in piece my sweer angel...Mamma Bear
9months son&amp;its still so hard.i just miss everthing abot you even the hard times.I just wanted you to know.Im trying to do the best I can inyour memory that will never die.  Love always forever until I see you again to never apart!!!!
I dont know a day I dont miss you&amp; there will never be one.I hope you always see&amp;wacth over me to do the things you need me to.I promise to live with you always in my heart for the rest of my life. Until I see you again my son. LOVE MOM!!!!
I wake up everyday &amp; look for your smiling face.Praying that god heard me lastnite &amp; today will be the day he lets you come in &amp; say ma I love you to see your beautiful face to smell your sence in the air.I hope your have a place for me with you in heaven. I just wouldn't be anyway else. IM working on getting there also. I no that Im not afried to die anymore. I have you to be with LOVEMOM
I dont know a day I dont miss you&amp; there will never be one.I hope you always see&amp;wacth over me to do the things you need me to.I promise to live with you always in my heart for the rest of my life. Until I see you again my son. LOVE MOM!!!!
I love you do much Daddy.  I wish that I could turn back time every moment of the day.  If I could I would spend all the time that I have holding you and watching your beautiful smile.  You are and will always be my heart and my husband.  Thank you for every moment I do get to chearish.  I miss you and I feel that it gets worse everyday.  Thank you for visiting me in my dreams.  Mamma Bear
Lil Ricky, If you are looking down from Heaven right now you could see that you left alot of broken hearts and a lot of "WHY'S." If for any reason you may have thought you weren't loved. You were wrong. Everyone that knew you is deeply sadden. I myself am heartbroken that you had to leave us soon. WE LOVE YOU RICKY. Mrs Eppinger
We can't change what happened no matter how bad we want. I wish there was something more we all could've done to help you. When you left you took a piece of all of us, You loved being the center everyone's attention and making everyone laugh, You will truly be missed, R.I.P Ricky
I want you to know. I miss you &amp; Love you more than anything. If only I could have one wish It would be for you. I know I will see you in paradise but It still seems to long. I wouldnt ever forget you. I pray you remember me. Im so sorry Baby I would take your place in a second If you could be here once more. I will always LOVE YOU MY BEAUTIFUL SON! R.I.P. LOVE ALWAYS&amp; FOREVER YOUR MOM.
Lil Ricky it's so hard to say good bye to the ones u love. But u were my baby for a few years and I never realized how much I miss u our how special u really were to me til u left this world. But ur job is done and now ur in peace watching over us all til we meet again lil Ricky I'll love u always and will keep a special place in my heart. Love you lots aunt dawn
I miss you more and more everyday of my life and I just wish you were here with me.  I know you are happy and at rest and I will see you again one day and I hope that you will be there waiting for me to hold my hand as I walk through the gates of heaven.  I love you always and forever.
Today is my sweet baby boys 11 Birthday in Heaven I miss and love you every day
I love and miss u so much there is not a day that dont go by that i dont think about you the only thing that keeps me going is knowing that i will be with you in heaven some day and i know you are being taken good care of. I hope you know mama misses you and loves u so much
Holidays are upon us, your son has a boy now and one on the way. Wish you were here to see all the changes inn the family especially your grand children. Poppa is doing well and I know he misses you great as we all do. Happy holidays 2018....
Happy Holidays, we miss you greatly....
Happy Birthday My Baby
What an amazing and missed woman. A true definition of a real mother.
I have been through tough and good times, the world is not kind and no human can handle it alone, Cynthia has been the reason for my abilities to face the tough times and work hard to keep my family together. She has held the candle that lite my way, haul the burdens that bare me down, add the joy that I lacked, provided the happiness that I needed and has been the only true love there is.
I miss you so much Sis! I know you are at peace and home with mom, robert and robert in God's house.  No more worries!  Until me all met together R,I,P,  love you your Big Sis
Hey Boo......Tell Ethel Lan Happy Birthday.  I know she had a blast!  Missing the mess out of all of you (Momma, You,PeeWee, Robert and Walter :( Just wanted to say that now that Thanksgiving is right around the corner, you won't have to worry about who's going to pick you up for dinner.  The good LORD has your plate piled high! Enjoy!! Missing U
I MISS YOU SO SO MUCH!  LOVE YOU SIS
What's up, babe, I'm, missing you every day. I love you so much and I'm at peace knowing your in a better place. Rest my Queen and know I Love You, now and forever.
Paula I will always remember the good tmes we shared.  I am glad we got a chance to enjoy each other's company in June.  That is what I will hold dearly when I think of you.  I am glad we had the years we shared as sisters.  U will always be loved and missed.  RIP.
Aunt Paula I love you so much and I will miss you tremendously.  I keep thinking about how much fun I had with you at Jaelen's going away party and all the good times we had in the past.  Thank you for being a good friend and aunt.  Love and Rest in Peace, your niece Tricy
Oaula, You slipped away from us without calling on us.  You prepared yourself to talk with your Master before enterig into His Kingdom.  You were a brave soldier and fought your battle alone.  I know you have arrived and your soul is at peace.  I will miss you and never forget you.  RIP little Sister L
Paulette, May the grace and peace of God be upon your family. Out of sight never out of heart. Rest in peace cousin.
Oh! how I wish I could hear your voice again.  I could always count on your call, if I didn't answer you would leave me a message "I'm just checking on you"!  I don't get many calls but I can always count on you, Lessie and Paulette.  Lessie makes me feel strong she always have encouraging words that lifts my heart + spirit. When I grow up I want to be just like her. REST SIS GOD BLESS
Mom I sit and think about our time together in this life. The road wasn't aways smooth but through it all I "NEVER" blamed you cause I always truly knew that you loved me no matter and I have always loved you for that, forever. Mom you faught a good fight my Angel, now rest babes and try not to worry too much about me cause I learned from the best, like you always told me.  Love 4ever Tony
REST IN PEACE ,UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN
REST IN PEACE, UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN                       DOUG AND AUNT ROSE
GONE BUT NOT FORGOTTED LOVE YOU BUT GOD LOVE YOU BEST SLEEP ON AND TAKE YOUR REST                              LOVE ALWAYS AUNT ROSE
What moves through us is a silence, a quiet sadness, a longing for one more day, one more word, one more touch, we may not understand why you left this earth so soon, or why you left before we were ready to say good-bye, but little by little, we begin to remember not just that you died, but that you lived.  And that your life gave us memories too beautiful to forget!  Love Chub, Von and D
o my little Sister, It hurt me so bad to lose you. I no you are in a better place.  GOD loves you ! He's a good GOD! When you see Mom, Robert.PeeWee and Walter tell them "I love them."  Someday we will all be together again.  You will always and forever be in my heart. I LOVE YOU YOUR BIG SIS SQUEAKY
AUNT PAULA I LOVE YOU! REST IN PEACE AUNTIE LOVE CHUB
AUNT PAULA I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BECAUSE YOU ARE SO NICE AND SO SWEET. LOVE DESIREE' (DIAMOND)
REST IN PEACE AUNTIE MARCEL
Peace and blessings to you, my prayers are with you all. RIP Ms. Paula....
God has called home an amazing angel. May you rest in peace.  Love always, Nancia,Lamaria, and Willie
GOD looked down on earth and saw one of his beautiful daughters’s he said your struggles are over.  You will have to leave something’s undone; you’ll have to leave your loves ones behind; it’s time to go home daughter. It’s time to R.I.P.  The loved ones who have gone on before you are waiting for you to arrive; and someday you’ll see the ones that you have left behind.  WELCOME HOME DAUGHTER.
You will always be in my heart.........Buck.......love Big  Syd
My heart goes out to the family during this time of sadness.  I cannot take away the pain you feel.  My prayers are that you find comfort in the love of friends and holding onto precious memories.
Softly and tenderly Jesus called you home to rest. What peace you must have felt when you laid your weary head upon His chest. You fought a good fight, you finished this race. One of these days, we also will see our Savior face to face. Therefore, I will not say goodbye, I'll only say goodnight until we meet again in that land so fair and bright.  RIP Paula.
Love you Sis.......Now you are with your 'Ethel Lan' and son, Pee Wee.... Loving and Missing each of you...
Rest In Peace Mother, I will always love you. Try not to worry about me, just know that I'm at peace in knowing there will be no more pain for you. I'll see you again. Love Always, Your Son Tony
My little sister, I will always remember the good times we had together as we closely grew up together being just (11) months apart in age. For sure, life dealt you a very hard hand to play, but at the same time, you gave it a good long fight to the end!  In faith, I believe that the Lord took you out of this world so you could finally have true rest and peace.
Missing you bunches
Remembering Merle on the third anniversary of her journey with Jesus. When Merle ask Jesus to save her and come into her heart and life, that gave her the right to go live in Heaven." To be absent from the body is to be present with the LORD". She received the greatest gift ever, ETERNAL LIFE... So she has no more pain, no tears, no heartache, no sadness...only joy, healing ,and happiness....FOREVER! Do we wish her back here? NO! We wouldn't want her to suffer the things she would have to go through here on earth. Do we miss her? YES...we always will....We loved Merle....and her memories will be in our hearts always....When she went to Heaven we didn't say good-bye, we said " we'll see ya later Merle"!
Dearest Faye and Jean, I heard that your dear mother had moved from Earth to Glory yesterday-the day after the celebration. She was always so kind -always welcomed me into her presence with a warm smile and a warm, delicious dish. The food at our wedding (33 yrs ago) was no exception. Jesse's and my prayers are with you, Reggie, Rhonda, &amp; their children..
Ms. Eddie B" will truly be missed.  I met her when I was 13 years old. She was one of our grandmothers at Praise of Zion. She took care of us (especially our hunger pangs) every Sunday. She even made me my very own strawberry mountain after giving birth to Georgette. Ms. Eddie B. will never be forgotten. Be encouraged!Gwen Redmond.
Thank you Mother Eddie B. Johnson for your service. You did it well and you did it with a smile.
Alice you did an amazing job caring for your Mother.  She was truly blessed to have you in her life.  I knew your Mom briefly from my childhood - she was an amazing cook (I will never forget her homemade lemon ice cream).  I am praying that God will comfort you and your family with wonderful memories.
A woman great in her love, great in her life, great in her works, great in simplicity and great in her gentleness. She was an attender, a pillar, a wing, a power, a giver, a goer, a doer, a supporter, a soldier of the cross, a worker, a friend and indeed a helper. Eddie B. possessed hands to help others, feet that hasten to those in need, eyes that saw misery and want, ears that listen
Jean and Alice;    Please accept my family's condolences.   It is our prayer the Lord will comfort and strengthen you as only He can.  I smile now as I am reminded of all the times we spent together and, particularly, those times with Ms Eddie Bell.    May her soul rest in eternal peace.
Ms Alice, Michael and I are with you like you have been here for us. Your mom was blessed to have a daughter who gives unselfishly. Great is your reward. Great be your peace. Love, The Hills
THE ONLY GRANDMA I KNOW. LOVE HER SOOO MUCH. SHE TAUHGT ME SO MUCH ABOUT THE BIBLE AND GOD. SHE IS THE REASON I AM ON THE LEVEL I AM WITH GOD. THE BEST TEACHER I KNOW. EDDIE B. JOHNSON MY GRANDMA WILL BE TRUELY MISSED. ONLY GOD KNOWS BEST. I LOVE YOU.ALEXIS PARTEE
I truly miss Ms. Johnson.  She is gone; but will never be forgotten.  So many memories, especially those of her &amp; her man as she called him(Quinton). My heart is truly heavy right now; but I know that God will give us all the strength to carry on.  Much love to all of you and be blessed!
Ms. Eddie B, You were funny and a God fearing woman of GOD. You were friends with my Mom Mrs. Gloria Ricks. Now when you arrive tell her hello and you guys continue to talk and praise the Lord. Thank You for what you done here on earth.
My Lady of Hats Mrs. Johnson you loved your Hats all colors and sizes . I loved your hats too. Hat of Love~Thanks for loving us unconditionally, baking us cakes &amp; pies. Hat of Encouragement~ to teach Sunday School. Giving~my gold cross necklace. Hat of Commitment~to do my very best. Hat of Praise~showing me at all times Praise God. Thank You My Lady.
*Eddie Bell my bell* Eddie Bell my bell Tough and wasn't taken no stuff. Eddie Bell my bell Could take a little and make a lot. Eddie Bell my bell Knew her bible and wanted you to know it too. Eddie Bell's bell rang loud.... And even though she's gone I still can hear her ringing  Don't you?? 7/7/1920 - 6/23/2012
Alice, your mom's life is truly a testimony of what is written in Psalm 91:16; "I will reward them with a long life and give them my salvation."  May God continue to reward you and your family with His promises.
Alice, May God's peace continue to be with you and your family. Your Mother made a lasting impression with my brother Mike when they worked together at the Top of 100 Country Club when he was only 15.
I met an angel in May 2012, in the person of Mrs Eddie B. Johnson. My staff and myself had the pleasure of serving Mudear on a daily basic's. To know her is to love her. She had a wonderful attitude and loved to sing gospel songs. Mudear will be missed. It is said to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, rest in peace Mudear I will see you on the other side.
Mudear spent several wonderful years in the Alzheimer's Day Center (<a href="http://www.alzheimersdayservices.org/wordpress1/" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.alzheimersdayservices.org/wordpress1/</a>)called Dorothy's Place and the last week of her life in the care of the caring folks at Crossroads (<a href="http://www.crhcf.org/Default.aspx" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.crhcf.org/Default.aspx</a>).  In lieu of flowers we encourage you to donate to these agencies in her name via their websites, and we will post in the Gallery here.
This is made for my sweet, wonderful mother &lt;3 She will be missed always. I hope others who miss her can find some peace in being able to send her messages here &lt;3 xoxoxox  Love you forever Mommy &lt;3 xo
Dear Sis, I think of you often and wish you were still here with us, your girls are growing up so fast, and i know you would have to be with us all , the grandchildren you have are beautiful, and so many neices an nephews you would like to spoil. I love you Elizabeth keep watching over us all oxoxoxoxo
Miss you!
Happy birthday in heaven Daniel. You are forever missed and never forgotten.
I’ve included some current adorable photos of Amanda.  She is following in Daniel’s footsteps:  Amanda is cute, bright, and enjoys attention.  She is so much like her Daddy.  Daniel would be proud!
It is had for me to realize it has been 5 years. I miss you every day and talk to you in my own way. Know you are in a better place, but still miss you.  Mom
It is hard to believe it has been 5 years since you pasted my friend. We love and miss you! I miss our conversations and your friendship. I know you are in a better place but your memories will last forever. We all hope Amanda and Emily are well. I hope Amanda knows what a great father you were and how much you loved her. I will be happy to tell her for you one day if I have the chance.  Much love!! Your friend, Howie Mike Howard
Happy Birthday, Daniel!  Aunt Carole
Dear Golden Child, you will always be missed and loved in the hearts of so many!!! I know you are the Angel on Amanda's shoulder! Love always from Becky and Barry
You are always in my heart and miss you every day. Love you very much. Mom
Daniel, you are still so special to all who love you! I have so many memories of you as a tiny baby, a curly haired toddler and grown up to be a fine young man and the best father!!! I know you are surrounded by those who have gone on to another life. Becky and Barry
I miss you! I know you would be proud of my accomplishments this year. I think about you often and miss you. I am going to see one of your favorite bands this weekend and I will be thinking about you and missing you a lot!  Jarrett
Daniella and I were talking about you today and remembering you fondly, Daniel. We continue to miss you... Aimee
Missing you today . Each year gets a little easier not having you with us until one of my kids reaches a milestone or is celebrating something good or struggling with something challenging. That is when I want and miss you the most - so you can witness these triumphs and the defeats. Then I realize you are with us already ---in spirit- laughing and crying with us. Miss you Daniel. Xxoo - Meredith
It is hard to believe another year has passed without you. It does not get easier. You are forever with me, Mom
Happy Birthday, dearest Daniel. I know you didn't like celebrating your birthday as it made you feel older, but you loved the fuss we made over it and you anyway! Much love, Aimee
We were thinking of you as you are getting older!  Have a Happy Birthday in Heaven.  Give Emily a hug from us. Aunt Carole and Uncle Golson
Happy 47th! You are always missed!
I have been thinking of you every day and have said a prayer. You will be forever missed by me. You know you were my first! I will always love you. Mom
Daniel, you were like my first baby because your mother and I were together so much at Granny and Pop's that first Summer! What a sweet beautiful baby! The first time I saw Amanda, my heart stopped!! She looks just like you!!! You were so well loved by your family and friends! I miss you.. Aunt Becky
Missing you today big brother! Although we still see/think/hear of you a lot, it is not the same. However, we were laughing about you this morning. The time Matt rode with you to Burnsville; he was hoping to get a little rest. Nope. You talked the whole way - - 9 hours. Miss and love you.  Meredith
I am sharing something I ran across.  I don't know who wrote it, but it reflects my feelings of loss of a loved one.  I continue to talk to my parents sometimes as if they are in the same room as I talk to Daniel when walking to my sister's house across the field where I see him stooping to talk to his daughter.  Daniel was my first nephew.  I adored him as a child, attended his baptism, his first wedding, and had the opportunity to spend his last Easter with him as I saw what a wonderful father he had become.  He continues to live in all of us.                                       All is well. Death is nothing at all.   It does not count.   I have only slipped  away into the next room.   Nothing has happened.   Everything remains exactly as it was.   I am I,  and you are you,  and the old life we lived so fondly  together is untouched, unchanged.  Whatever we were together, that we are still.   Call me by the old familiar name.   Speak of me in the easy way which you always used.   Put no difference into your tone.   Where no forced air of solemnity or sorrow.   Laugh as we always laughed at the little jokes that we enjoyed together.  Play, smile, think of me, pray for me.   Let my name be ever the household word that it always was.   Let it be spoken without an effort, without the ghost of a shadow upon it.   Life means all that it ever meant.   It is the same as it ever was.   There is absolute and unbroken continuity.   What is this death but a negligible accident?   Why should I be out of mind because I am out of sight?   I am but waiting for you,  for an interval,  somewhere very near,  just around the corner.   All is well.
Thinking of you today, Daniel, knowing that you are at a place of peace that you would never leave if you could.   I surely hope you and Emily are looking down today at us and realize how much you are loved and missed. Aunt Carole
Daniel,think of you every day; especially today. We love you and miss you.
Wow - - three years have gone by. We sure miss you. There are times that we all feel you with us and that is a blessing. We wish you were with us physically, sharing in our experiences and of course, being with Amanda. Miss you big brother. Love, Meredith
I didn't forget. Will always remember you!!!!
You are in so many hearts today and forever.  So many memories and such a legacy in Amanda.  Somewhere you are sailing happily in the sun and warm breezes.
Happy Birthday Big Brother. We are sure missing you daily, but especially today. We were over in Alexandria over the weekend and I was pointing out places where I know you used to go or where we would meet up with you for dinner. I miss you so, but know you are no longer in pain and in a much better place. It is not fair, but I know it is truth. love and miss - - Meredith
Daniel, I am thinking of you today as I do every day in some way.  I will always remember your birthdays that we shared together and how you didn't like celebrating your birthday the morning of, but by the evening you were all for it! And how Alice's pound cake was your favorite. And so, here's to another birthday, Blue Eyes, we miss you and wish you were with us. Love, Aimee
I'm just checking in to let you know that I'm thinking of you. It's been a long year for me...many many times I have thought about you. You are greatly missed Daniel.
It was 2 years ago today. As it has been getting warmer here, I remembered being down in Norfolk saying goodbye to you, asking you to let go so you would not be in pain anymore. I so wish you were here - -the old Daniel healthy, happy and full of life. But I am at peace that you are at peace finally big brother. Miss you - - Meredith
It is a hard year for me without you. You will always be my first child. You will always be  with me. This year hs been hard for me. Love you always. Mom
I am thinking of you today, Daniel, and all of your family.  I think of you often, as well as our Emily.  I bet the two of you have had some conversations--especially with Granddaddy Wentworth!  I made a memory book for Amanda with pictures of you and your family and friends throughout all of your years so she can always remember you. Love,  Aunt Carole
Merry Christmas. I was thinking about you and your family this morning. I miss you. Jarrett
How Daniel loved to talk---all you did is just have to start him off.  He then had the floor, except with his cousin, Buddy,  and I am sure there are others also.  I was only able to share moments in his life.  I loved how he said Aunt Meredith.  I took several trips to see him as he grew up, and Alice and David were faithful about there trips to Mississippi.   I will finish later!!!
I can't believe today you have been 45 years old. We all continue to miss you and grieve for the times we did not get to have. Although, your "Daniel" magic emerges sometimes - whether it is a look or saying one my kids reveal or a double rainbow that is suddenly observed -- we know you are with us always. Happy Birthday Brother.
I can not forget today,the day you were born. You will be forever in my heart and thoughts.  Mom
Happy 45th birthday, Daniel!  You are certainly missed and thought of often.  Much Love, Aunt Carole
Happy Birthday, Daniel.  I treasure all the birthdays I was able to spend with you and the celebrations we had while we were together. I always loved sharing a birth year with you.  Love you always,  Aimee
I had a great laugh a few years ago as I was sitting with Mike Howard and got on his phone and texted Daniel to wish him a happy birthday.  I can't repeat what it was I said on here, but it was funny and Daniel knew right away who had gotten hold of Mike's cell phone!!! I think of Daniel all the time and know he is with each and everyone of us he left behind. I feel it.
This second year has been very difficult. My sister Carole said it might be that way.  We will be with Amanda for her birthday party on August 25 and will tell her you love her as much aw we do.
Thank all of you coming on July 1.  It was wonderful seeing all of you and hearing stories.  Daniel appreciates your love as I do.
Daniel, Your service yesterday was just as you would have wanted it to be. We all came together to celebrate your life, tell stories, share memories. You would have loved our hotel pre party and after party with the boys playing guitar. You were my first love and you knew that.  It was so great seeing your family. You are so missed. Jarrett
Today was Daniel's Memorial Service and it was beautiful, painful and tearful but there was also joy as we all came together to celebrate his life.  Some of us said some things but I was too choked up to talk and i I cry even now as I write this. Here's what I wanted to say:
I was blessed to have known Daniel,to have shared his life and a marriage with him. I'm also blessed for having been embraced and welcomed into his family- the wonderful Johnsons.When I saw Daniel during his last days with us we talked if many things but the most important thing he said was how Amanda was his light and how she has his heart. Let us all commit to telling her about Daniel.
Daniel, it is difficult to accept you have been gone a year but know that I think of you every day in some way. I will always treasure our years together and will always consider myself fortunate to love you and have been loved by you. You are remembered fondly and loved deeply, and Amanda will know how precious you are to all of us. Love, Aimee
Daniel, I've spent this weekend visiting with old friends who invited me to their VES reunion. I can't drive onto that campus and not think of you. I was flooded with memories of all the many times I picked you up off those front steps and we escaped to have fun on the parkway, my lake, friends homes, etc... Many great stories were told this weekend about you and you are not forgotten. xo
It is hard to believe that it has been a year since you died Daniel. Although there are many times where my life keeps going on - - crazy with the kids and work, but often in the midst of it all, something will remind  me of you. We so miss you everyday but know now you are truly fulfilled, happy, healthy and not in pain. We will continue to remind Amanda all about YOU. LOVE YOU - Meredith
Today will be one of the hardest days of my life.  I miss you every day and know you are in a better place.  I will always love you and think about your very happy childhood.  Love, Mom
I thought of you and your family as soon as I woke up this morning.  It is hard to believe a year has passed--a difficult one for us down here but we know it has been a wonderful year full of peace, joy, and love for you.  Tell our Emily, "Hello for us." Love, Aunt Carole
Daniels birthday wass a very hard day for me.  I cried at church and later at home. He will always be my eldest child.  I just wish there was some way to know he is okay and happy.  We love you, Daniel, and always will. Mom
I lit a candle for you last night at church for you big brother. It was all souls day. I was able to place a -picture of you me and nathan taken by Aunt Meredith  this past spring break. You were pretty sick then but able to walk around and hang out with all of us. I also lit candles for sweet Emily and both sets of our grandparents that I know are with you now. We miss you all . Meredith
LOVE you, Nanny.............Your Son, Raun
I love you so very much and miss you every day. I can't wait until the day we'll be together again. I know you're looking down on me and that warms my heart but I guess I'm selfish because I still want you here with me. Love, Kris :)
To my brother who I know is with me every moment of every day....you are my heart and soul. I think of you every day and miss you more with each day that passes. I can't wait till we see each other again. You were always my hero and now you're also my angel. - Love always, Kris
Today is June 15, 2014, and it's Father's Day.  How amazing that you get to be with our Heavenly Father, as well as both of our earthly fathers!   It's been 35 years since I lost my daddy, &amp; I still miss him.  You were so much like him, he would have loved you.  Both of you worked at the Postal,Service, both loved to bowl, and both of you were silly!  I know these holidays are hard, but for Kelley it's still so fresh.  I'm asking God to comfort her today, and to remind her that for the 19 years she had you, she had the best daddy in the world.  At least she can carry good, happy memories through her life, and you will always be in her heart.  And mine.
James, so sorry I didn't get to see you one more time.  However, your laugh, your jokes, your songs, your hilarious personality are always with me.  You are one of the most giving people I have ever known, and I feel lucky to have known you.  I promise to do my best to help Sherry and Kelley, but no one will ever replace you.
We just spent our first Christmas without you - so strange.  About noon on Christmas Day, we had SNOW!  It was so beautiful and such a surprise!  Kelley &amp; I miss you so much.  9 months have somehow passed, and I'm trying to make a new life &amp; home for us.  I thank God every day for the amazing blessing of having spent 22 years with you.  Merry Christmas JJ.  I will love you forever.
Well, our 23rd anniversary came a few days ago.  July 22, 1989.  How can this possibly be happening?  I miss you SO much.  You were the best thing that ever happened to me and you will always be such a huge part of who I am.  I will love you forever.
My forever love, I found this website today, and I wanted to create this memorial for you.  You've been gone 2 months now, and as time goes by, I don't want anyone to forget what a special person you were. You touched so many lives just by being you. Kelley and I will always love you and carry you in our hearts forever. Thank you for loving us the way you did.  We will be together again.
You are still loved and missed so much! I hope you can see us all and I hope we will be reunited again one day. ❤
I was just looking at your pictures the other day.  Happy Birthday love.
I still love and miss you ❤ Time has healed much of the wound but the scar is a reminder of how precious each life and love is.  Im late this year,  things have been hectic lately but I never forget you.  Happy Birthday Booga. You are always in my heart.
Happy Heavenly Birthday ...
Happy Birthday Bro, Miss you a lot, I know you watching over us,  I love you man and ill see you in my dreams until I get their.
Davon... My brother... I miss you so much. I'm happy for the times we had together. I'm glad you were able to move and spend time with us in Victorville. I really miss them times. One day i will be in paradise with you. You showed me nothing but Love. I'm proud to say you are my brother. Love you Davon.
Happy Birthday Bro.
ye cuh I remember you picking me and trey up from school everyday aunty monica couldnt. being big bro and all... I still think about all the goofy ass moments riding in the armada ... I will always remember you as a big broo. Miss you rest reacfully
Prayerfully your years are continuing with The Father, Still Happy 25th Birthday! Thank God for your Mom who keeps your memory alive. Sasha
Happy birthday Davon
Happy Heavenly Birthday .
Happy 25th Birthday Davon! May you have the best birthday ever as you enjoy it  in the presence of the almighty God. Please bring your mom peace &amp; joy today, and please tell your cousin, Kenny that I miss him dearly. You guys don't forget to TurnUp in Heaven today! lol
Tomorrow marks your 25th Birthday, as I prepare my mind I get so sad, I try my best not to think your gone, but days like this reminds me that I won't see you and this isn't a dream. I miss you so much Davon and wish you could see all that your mom, dad, brothers, sister, family and friends have accomplished, I live in the BIG house you always said I deserved, I have 2 maybe 3 beautiful grandchildren, all girls one being yours the other is Sean's and Tray may also be a dad. I'm in a great relationship with a loving guy name Calvin, who has 3 beautiful children, Jasmine, Najee and Omarion. I love them all so much and I'm thankful God has allowed them to be in my life.  I know how much you loved your nephews and you would have loved your nieces, oh by the way your brother  AL, has a beautiful daughter. So much has happened in the last 5 years so much. I thank you for getting me out of bed when my granny died just 2 months before you were taken away, I remember you saying, come on Mom get out of bed and let's go for a walk,, grandma wouldn't want you like this, we went to Jack In The box and you brought me a shake. :-)  and made me smile.  I hold on to your words of encouragement and action to get me out of bed. With that being said, I know you would want the same for me now that your gone, many don't or didn't know this, but I keep going because you inspired me to after my granny died, so I keep going for you as well. I love you. Happy 25th Birthday son.
Davon you will never leave my heart. As another year passes without you i leave another tear for you. You were as close to perfect as a woman could ask for. Always thinking of others and wanting everyone to feel happy around you. No matter how many times we fought all I can see is your smile. The way you looked when you would say I love you. The way you spoke of your family, never wanting to be far from them. You were an exceptional man. You will be in the hearts of many forever. I cry harder the harder your memories make me smile. I just want to hold you and laugh with you again. I write letters to you all the time...it kinda makes me feel like Im actually talking to you. I hope to see you someday again.  I love you Booga. ALways and forever.
When I see our daughter..I see you When I hug our daughter..I hug you When I kiss our daughter.. I kiss you And through her eyes burns the light of your life.. And you will always be with me..
Cant believe my friend had been gone for so long...one Of the most sweetest guys ive met always have a positive t hought and attitude you will always be missed and never forgotten...love you much and always remember your always in my heart... RIP ANGEL
Davon changed my life forever. I will never forget how he made me get out of bed after my granny died, my son made me move forward with life and told me that's what my granny would have wanted. So today I continue to move forward making my son proud of his mommy. He always called me beautiful, but  it was him that had a beautiful spirit and heart.
Davon is my cousin. What I remember most about him is his smile.  growing up he had a smile that would light up a room, even when he was up to no good :)  from a child to a man he had the same smile.   I love to see pictures of him just to see him smile. I know he is in heaven smiling down at all of us. I Love You Cousin.
I love u sooo much brother ull always be in my heart
My beautiful angel. It has already been 15 years since you went home to be with Our Heavenly Father. I miss you and love you some much. You know share home with your great grandmother, Evelyn, great grandfather David Sr and now Uncle David. You are in blessed hands . Love you much. RIP  runt runt! Never ever will you be forgotten.
Today is the day you went home to  be with our Heavenly Father.  There is not a day that I  don't think about you. MY heart aches each and every day for you.  I know that you are truly in the best hands as in that of God the Father. I Love you miss you so  much  but we will meet again. R.I.P. my angel. Love   you always  Nanna.
Happy 16th Birthday TJ. You are forever missed and loved by your family and friends. Although God only gave me  2 years to love on you it was the best 2 years of my life. I know that we will meet again  but the years have been hard not having you here in my present. I know that you are in the LOVING ARMS of the LORD. Happy Happy Birthday my RuntRunt!  You are always in my heart and soul
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY DEAR GRANDSON. NEVER FORGOTTEN IN MY HEART, DREAMS AND MIND. YOU ARE HOME
You were my heart and soul, my first grandson. Never will ever forget that contagious laugh or that beautiful smile. YOU are in the LOVING arms of the LORD!  We Will meet again R.I.P. baby boy~
We miss you everyday Chappy ... In our hearts you'll stay forever. Till we see each other again.. Love you
We met in school as kids, at the age of 14 you were my first love, my first everything, had a beautiful wedding in church, and had the most precious thing we made together, HAYLEY RENEE, we were young and the only reason we parted was because of the life we didnt get to enjoy, but we always had each other in our hearts forever. Our grandkids n daughter miss u..watch n protect them..miss u.
Tim me and the kids miss you more then I can put into words.... I miss your smile but see you every day through our kids!! I love you....
Ty Kobe korbin and Tinsley....  our babies!!! I love you Tim.. we all love and miss you!! RIP
5 years,never knew pain that never goes away the ache in my heart for you, you was one of the sweetest person ive ever met TIM YOUR MAMA MISSES YOU AND LOVES YOU SO MUCH REST IN HEAVEN
Tim not a day goes by that I dont think of your smile that is forever burned in my memories. I am so blessed and grateful that your whole family took me, Darnez and Rakia in your family as if we always belonged. You, Tasha, and Kay were the best thing that ever happened to Nez. I love and miss you always!!! Gone but never forgotten...May a thousand Angels watch over you!!!
I have so many memories of you Tim that I would love to share but in a way i like to hold on to them for myself cause for me its a moment and time that can never be stole away from me. I remember so clearly the first time I met you standing in front of the las undry mat in stevenson of course doin wat u did best flowing po pimp at the time lol!!! So if you have the oppurtunity to make someone smile  dont pass up the oppurtunity to make them happy for a while cause it may be the last time you see them and remember their smile!!!
ITS BEEN 5 YRS AND IM STILL MISSING YOU,I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.I KNOW YOUR IN HEAVEN AND THATS ALL THAT HELPS ME MAKE,IT MISSING YOU FOREVER
missing so much,Know one  could imagine the pain, I love you Tim
I love you TIm so so much!!! you are forever missed and will always have a place In my heart. we had so many many fun and wonderful memories. you are the brother I never had!!! I love you so much!!!!!
merry xmas TIM MISS AND LOVE YOU ALWAYS, ITS LONELY WITHOUT YOU SON MISSING YOUR SMILE,HEARING YOU TALK,BUT GOD HAD ANOTHER PLAN FOR YOU AND I KNOW YOU ENJOYING THE SITE THAT YOUR SEEING,ONCE AGAIN THANK YOU LORD FOR SUCH A WONDERFUL GIFT TIMOTHY LEE JOHNSON,
ove and miss you forever
weet auntie your missed every day I love you more and more each day!
May the God of all comfort and tender mercies continue to sustain you during your time of grief. We hope the words recorded at John 5:28, 29 and Isaiah 25:8 bring you strength.
Aunt Betty a very specail lady in mi life we talked we laught we cried together I so very much appriciate all the times you come to Ohio you never forgot mi you would come by if not just to say hi miss you when will I come down last yr. I was so blessed you came to mi fish fry /BBQ got to sit with a lot of familia took picures. Holding a memorial now for you in our home luv u miss u dearly
My Dear" Lou," Family , I want you all to know, we will miss "Lou," Her beautiful smile ,Her caring for everyone ,and her love for God.We"ll miss her,But  we'll always have her near ,because of you. Please stay together and love each other as "Lou" would want you  to . May God forever bless you, Love Rosie O'Neal &amp; Family
Happy Birthday Jerry you are forever missed.  I will see you again one day cousin.  Until then I think of you often with love.  Pam
Jerry, Happy Birthday sweetheart. You would have been 79 today. I still and will always love and miss you. Rest my love...until I join you in heaven someday. Paula
JJ, It's now been six years and I still miss you more than ever. As before my family and our precious kids and friends are getting me through. I still have good days and bad days. I will love you forever. Until I see you in heaven someday....just know how much you are missed and loved.
My sweet Jerry, next month will be six years since you left us. I miss you just as much as the day you were gone. Happy 78th Birthday, my love. I will miss you forever and love you forever, until we are together again.Rest in peace and know how much you are missed and loved.
Yesterday was five years that you have been gone. Some days it seems like an eternity and other days like it was yesterday. I will always love and miss you, until I'm with you with in heaven. I love you forever and a day.
My J.J., It's so hard to imagine it's been almost 5 years since you went to be with the Lord. I think about you and miss you every day, and I always will. I love you so very much. Happy Birthday my love.
My Jerry, there are days when it seems like you have been gone forever. Then other days it seems like just yesterday. I can't believe it has been 4 years already. I still miss you so much and will love you forever.
Happy 76th birthday dad. Not a day goes by that you're not on my mind. We love and miss you so much. Keep watching over us and we'll see you soon. To the moon and back
Good morning my love. Happy 76 birthday. I miss you more and more every day. Just know how much you are loved and missed. Some day the big hole in my heart will be gone. Love you forever and a day.
It has been three long years since you have been gone. There is still a huge hole in my heart. The Lord and the kids help me daily to fill your void. You would be so proud of Kaden, Papa. He is such an awesome little boy and a dynamic lil ball player. Lesley and Adam are always there for me too. I don't know what I would do without them. I will love and miss you forever my dear Johnson. Rest in the Lord's arms forever. I will join you someday, in God's timing. I love you to the moon and back.
Happy Birthday my JJ. It's hard to imagine you would have been 75 years old today.It's even harder to believe that you will have been in heaven 3 years next month. I love you always, my dear JJ, continue to rest in the Lord's arms. I love you forever and a day and to the moon and back.
Good morning my Johnson, it has been two years today, since you went home. I miss you more and more every day. It seems like forever, but then just yesterday too. I love you forever and a day, and to the moon and back. Rest in His arms my love, I will see you one day again. XOXO
Jerry was my first cousin and we spent lots of time together. After his mother passed away he stayed in our home pretty often.He and I were only a month difference in our ages, my birthday is 2/8/1940.We were close when young and then they moved to Calif. He visited me a few months before he passed away and I am so glad he did.I lived with the mother of my kids for 38 years before she went to be with Jesus and I still miss her. Rest in peace my brother.I love you!
Jerry, I want to wish you a happy birthday.    Until we meet again. XXXOOO
My dear sweet J.J. I still miss you more and more everyday. I long to hear your voice and see your smile. You would have been 74 today. I just never dreamed that you would leave me so suddenly or so early in life. I thought we had more years together. I treasure our 38 years that we did have together, and I will be looking forward to seeing you, Rusty and meeting my precious Jesus. Until we meet again. I will love you forever.
My sweet J.J. It's so hard to imagine that it has been a whole year. I miss you more and more every day. I will always love you, to the moon and back. Continue to rest in peace and when my days are over down here, I will be there with you. Love you forever, PJ
Well, Johnson, it's been almost 11 mo. I never thought I would make it this far without you. My days sometimes seem so empty and I long to hear your voice and have a hug. I don't know what I would do without Lesley, Kaden, Adam my other family members and wonderful friends. I miss you so much Jerry.. I will always love you. Happy Birthday, my love.
Jerry, you  have been one of my favorite Johnson's forever.  Mother always said you were just like one of her sons.  I am so fortunate to have had you in my family and to experience through facebook some of you life in CA.  It is plain to see you had many friends and a wonderful family that loves you very much.  I am so glad we spent time on your last trip home. Love you and miss you.
Daddy my heart aches to see your face one more time. Everyday that passes i miss you more and more. The void in my heart hurts so bad. I know you are with bubba, your mother and so many more loved ones. But it's just not fair. I wasn't ready to live without you. Watch over us and visit your lil buddy on a daily basis. He needs you more than anyone. Daddy, i love you to the moon and back &lt;3
My dad's memorial service will be: Monday, May 7th. at 11am. Grace Baptist Church 2791 S. Lincoln Ave. Corona, 92882
My sweet Jerry...we had 38 wonderful years together, but it was just not enough. I was not ready to say good bye. Like Lesley, my heart hurts and my world just feels empty and void. I know I have the love and wonderful support of so many friends and family, that will see me through. I see you every where in the house. You will always be with me in my memories and my heart. I love you......
My dearest DAMPA! Words cannot express the saddness that I feel. I am so truly blessed to have so many wonderful memories with you in them. You were a huge part of my life growing up and will always hold your family close to my heart. You and Damma always put up with me but treated me as your own. Thank you! May you be at peace in Heaven in your beautiful new garden. Rest in Paradise!!
Jerry,  So many memories my family has of you, memories we will never forget.. One fond one I remember is how we all teased you and no one wanted you to sit in their camping chair because you broke a couple on that particular camping trip!! We enjoy that memory and laugh often..  You have a very special place in the Ellis family memories and we will never forget you.. until we meet again..
Daddy I so wished I had one more chance to tell you that I love you. To tell you how sorry I am I didn't keep in better touch with you. But I can tell you that I know you loved me unconditionally. Your last email to me said it all. I will always remember the times we shared and how special they were. And your stories of my frozen pee pants! Lol! I love you daddy.
The greatest tribute to Jerry is his family.  And it is a wonderful amazing tribute.  Six years ago our family grew to include Lesley, Paula, Jerry and soon to follow lil man, we where blessed in so many ways.  Jerry was always so welcoming and caring.  His gardens where amazing.  The bond he built with lil man will carry him a life time, he will never forget his papa. RIP Jerry
Jerry, I have such wonderful memories of the time I got to spend with you and your family.  I remember your great cooking and rocking out to video concerts. Don't worry about your girls, I will keep an extra good eye on them.
To my Daddy, my leader, the first man in my life and the dearest one to my heart, Thank you for being you.  For instilling the love for God and His Word in me, for encouraging me in my endeavors, and for just being my father when I didn't know I needed one, I love you so much. You are my heart of hearts.
happy mothers day mum xxxxxxxxxx
well mum yet another year gone by without you,missing you with all my heart,but one day we will meet again don't know when but I know we will,god mam I do wish you were here I need you,to help me get through its getting harder and harder it should be easier but its not love and miss you mam xxx
hi mum susan here i just want to say how much i miss you.Words cannot say just how much.I know you are always with us in evert thing we do.You have been gone such a long time but your love is always with us.SO FOR NOW MUM GOOD NIGHT GOD BLESS I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU XXXXXXXXXXXXXX SUSAN
hiya mum missing you loads and god i wish you were here its mothers day in 15 minutes i cant give you breakfast in bed or make you a brew or give you a card but most importantly i cant put my arms around you and give you a great big hug but one thing i can do is send my love with all my heart HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MUM xx nite nite xx
Its yet another christmas without you mam i,ve still got the bible you gave me on your last christmas it means so much to me.I do wish you were here to share christmas with your grand-children that you never got chance to see,but they do know who you are,love and miss you loads mum merry christmas and good-night and god-bless. xxxxx
just come to visit you mum to let you know you are still loved and missed,we are having another grandchild,only wish you were here to share them with me you would love them just as much as i do.love and miss you always mum speak to you soon your loving daughter olwyn xx
With much love Nana...lots n lots ov love...Joey,shelly,mick,emma,mark n rich.....and now 4 ya great grandchildren...Toni,mitchell,harry,courtney,chloe,jessy,chelsey,harrison,jamie,troy,jo jo,marshall (mathers),lilly n charlotte(char bar) n last but not least marley .x. &lt;3 .x.
n here mam thinkin of the few years we had its so hard lookin at this page but somehow it makes me feel close to you and i know in my heart you are watchin over me 43yrs ago you fell asleep no more pain ,i only wished i did,nt have so much pain.love you from the bottom of my heart ........your lovin daughter olwyn x x x x
nearly your memoriam mum still think about you everyday and still miss you more and more only wish you could be here to share my family and i know you would be so so proud, one day when its my turn to go i WILL see you again and for that i cant wait love you mum xxxxxxxxx
omin up to 43yrs mam and i miss you more and more as the years go by i only hope i,ll see you again some day love and miss you loads ,olwyn xxx.
It`s hard to say something about a lady i never met..but if you are just a little like your daughter Olwyn then you were a WONDERFUL Mum and would have been a WONDERFUL Nan .x. &lt;3 .x.
bute to my mum she was the best that god could have given taken so very young but deeply missed and loved . love you mum xx.
hanks to this i can sit here and realy remember my mum although cryin it is absolutely lovely god i miss you so much mum and wish you were here with me xxxxx
A lovely lady we've heard so much about and never got to know as she was taken from us too young, you will always be remembered much love from all your grand children and great grand children xxxxxxx
This is tut I'm in Georgia I'm going to come up there to visit  before i go back to florida -this message is for Annie grace Johnson please let her know.   If she want to call please feel free to call 305-910-9016
My sister, my buddy, my friend u are and always will be missed. I love you so very much. R.I.Paradise Girlfriend.
ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT I LOVE YOU AND I MISS U VERY MUCH YOU ARE MY BEST FRIEND I CAN'T WAIT TILL I SEE U AGAIN
I will miss u grand daddy. Love Always your grand daughter D. Johnson
Happy birthday my sweet angel i miss you so much chuckie love you bunches
Happy Birthday Chuckie.  Send down some love to your family who are so sad on this special day.  Your friend
My sweet Chuckie open your arms for aunt Bonnie she is on her way to heaven with you  love you my son
Happy New Years Chuckie
Happy new year sweet angel we miss you and love you !!
My angel i cant believe how long its been since i had a big hug ftom you i miss you more everyday love and miss you bunches my son
It has been a very long 7 years without your smiling face and laughter.  I miss you everyday as I look for you smiling face. Please watch over your mom, dad,  and Heather everyday but especially today. Until we meet again ........love you
Hi Chuckie, the holiday flew by and the minute I had time to catch my breath and lay down you were the first one on my mind.  It breaks my heart this time of year to think of my beautiful friends loss.  You are so loved and missed, but I know you are watching over your family and protecting them.  God Bless and stay close
Chuckie, hope your Thanksgiving was wonderful.. I am a day late, been out of town.  Watch Aunt Brenda, the holidays are going to be hard on her.  Denise
Happy thanksgiving my sweet angel miss you more everyday
Fourth of July is around the corner and something tells me you really enjoyed this holiday.  Shine a bright light in the sky for your Mom and Aunt Brenda.  Denise
Happy 4th weekend my angel we love and miss you !!
Happy 420 chuckie we all love you forever and always no matter what
I love and miss you my sweet angel
Happy Birthday Chuckie.  It is going to be a beautiful sunny day in your honor.  You would be thirty nine and I know your beautiful mother is reliving every moment of your birth.  Do me a favor, visit her in her dreams tonight.  Your Aunt Brenda’s friend, Denise
Happy Heavenly  Birthday  Chuckie!!!   Miss your beautiful smile ❤❤
Happy 39th birthday Chuckie! I love you.
Happy birthday my sweet angel i love and miss you so much chuckie!!!
Happy valentines day my sweet angel i love and miss you
You are dearly missed my friend!
Merry Christmas Chuckie.  A day late, but I didn’t forget you, thought of you all day but didn’ receive my message until 3:04 am.  Hope you had a beautiful Christmas.  Aunt Brenda made mine a little better by bringing me some of her shortbread.  Bet you miss that.  Until we can meet, I am depending on your prayers to get me there.  Please send your family a message to let them know you are just fine.  Your friend Denise
Merry christmas my sweet angel wr love and miss you!!
Chuckle, I am so sorry for being a day late on this message.  Having computer problems and I did think of you because I was upset Iwould not be able to leave you a message.  Just wanted to say I am thankful for the friendship of your Aunt Brenda, and thankful for our friendship, even though it had to be hear after you left this earth.  But I know we will eventually meet in the afterlife.  Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy thanksgiving my sweet angel we love you and miss you so much
Love you miss you everyday my sweet
Happy 38th birthday Chuckie . You are missed so much by so many. You brought joy to everyone that knew you, always smiling.  I love and miss you so much.  Aunt Bren
Happy birthday my sweet angel i miss you more each day your gone from us ! Momma is sending you a great big hug to heaven l
Happy Birthday Chuckie I know this is a very bittersweet day for Aunt Brenda. Celebrating the day you entered the world and all the happy memories you were able to make in those 37 short years and now her only wish being to just have one more day with you.   Send sweet dreams  God Bless
Chuckie hard to believe it has been 5 years.  Hope you had a wonderful Christmas watching the family celebrate the holiday and your life. Merry Christmas...Aunt Brenda's friend Denise
Merry Christmas my sweet angel we miss you more each day love you chuckie!
Chucky, sorry this is a day late, tried to leave you a Thanksgiving message but could not get in.  I know you enjoyed a beautiful Thanksgiving as you watch down on your loved ones.  You are so very missed and loved and just want to say you were thought of this special day.  Pray for me so that we can one day meet .  Aunt Brenda's friend Denise
Happy Thanksgiving my sweet angel we all missed you today love you!
you are truly  missed  Chuckie,     Your  family  &amp; friends  miss  you so much,  Love  you .
Had such a vivid dream about you last night. I think its all the anxiety of the new baby arriving. I can just hear your grandma jokes now. Not one day goes by that I dont think of you. Seeing and hugging your mom brought so much peace to my heart. You live through her beautiful smile and kind heart. I love and miss you brother. Happy Thanksgiving. Xoxox
Missing you Chuckie...Love you❤
Love you my sweet angel ox
Love you and miss you my sweet angel
WHAT A GREAT DAY FOR A PICNIC  YOU WOULD SAY!!!LOVE YOU CHUCKIE WE WILL ALWAYS SAVE A SEAT FOR YOU AT THE PICNIC TABLE MY ANGEL XOXOX
ove you my sweet angel miss you more and more each day !!!!
ove you my sweet angel!!!!
Happy Easter Chuckie..Thought of you all day, saw your picture in the Herald Star this morning.  Look down on Aunt Brenda and say a special prayer to her.. Until we meet in the next world. God Bless
HAPPY EASTER MY SWEET ANGEL  WE ALL MISS AND LOVE YOU BUNCHES !! KEEP WATCHING OVER ALL OF US!! X0X0X0X0X
Happy Birthday Chuckie...Although I never had the honor of knowing you on earth, Aunt Brenda has brought you spirit into my life following your death.  You will always be alive in your Aunt's heart and memories.  God Bless and hope to meet you someday.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHUCKIE WE ALL MISS YOU SO MUCH LOVE YOU MY BABY
Happy birthday Chuckie. I love you. Your favorite aunt.
Happy birthday chuck!!!!!!!! Live and miss you so much.....
oday is your fun day !! SUPER BOWL !! I BET IT WILL AWESOME IN HEAVEN WE ALL LOVE YOU MY SWEET ANGEL
Happy New Year Chuck a Luck
HAPPY NEW YEAR  MY SWEET ANGEL I LOVE YOU
Merry Christmas my baby boy, I miss that smiling face. But you we're probably rolling when I couldn't find your grave.  I hope you loved the blanket, it's such a honor to make it ever year. LOVE YA
Hey auntie it’s been 7 years since you been gone. I miss you so much wish you was still here. The family is doing good.  Continues to be watching over us love you. R.I.P
Happy Heavenly Birthday Lady Bea Love you and miss you.  Memories will  always be in my heart and thoughts.  Miss you Girl !!!  Cousin Linda.......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY COUSIN.... LOVE AND MISS YOU GIRL!!!! RIP
Happy b-day aunty.... you're in our hearts love you
Happy birthday auntie miss u and love u keep watching over us
My god auntie I miss you so much.   I know you're good♡
Happy Birthday Granny I miss you so much rest in paradise and see you soon
&lt;3 I LOVE YOU GRANNY! HAPPY BIRTHDAY AGAIN! :')
o one of the sweetest ladies i had a chance too know,i am very proud to call you sister.I love and miss you so much,your forever in my heart and prayers now and always.GOD BLESS AND KEEP YOU BEA BEA
I MISS N LOVE MY AUNTEE BEA SO MUCH....... I REMEMBER WHEN SHE WILL CALL ME ON SOME SUNDAYS N SAY HEY NIECE... WAT U COOK? CAN I COME BY N GET A PLATE N IF I COOK I WOULD SAY U SURE CAN N IF I DID'NT I WILL SAY NO AUNTEE BUT U CAN STILL COME BY!!!!!! R.I.P. TT BEA
Love you Aunty.  You might night be here with us but you are forever in our heart.  I will always cherish you in my heart!  Your memories are still with me. Love you always =)
hey auntie happy birthday miss you so much and love you
Hi granny I been to visit u a few times since u left me here I'm glad I got to speak to u last b4 u went thru da pearly gates I jus hope u herd me and also my prayers to watch over me I love and miss u so much.....I gotta go dis music is makin me more sadder by da letters.love u and rest n paradise
HEY AUNTIE IT'S SO MANY THINGS WE PLAN TO DO BUT IT ALL CAME TO THA END TO SOON SO IM GOING TO STILL FOLLOW THUR WITH THA THINGS I PROMISE I'LL MISS U &amp; NEVER 4 GET U LOVE TE-TE BEA .....................
How many ppl. remember that straw chair mooney had in his room in blk.15 wit the playboy bunny on the wall? We was in there taking pictures like we us in the club. And you know we had to sneak the chair in the house mom was sleep when we did it. when she seen it she said thats nice.Then thats when all the roaches came out she was mad. She said ramrod&amp; pimp dummy i'm going to beat yall ___
Auntie; I will always remember the house parties, the card parties, and just hanging out with you. I am sorry I could not be there, but know that I am missing you and will Love You 4 All Times. Miriam (FAT)
Auntie Bea I love u so much and I'm gonna miss u  but I will never forget u the most I'm gonna miss Is when we use to party at my mom house having a good time But I'm glad that all ur pain is gone and I know u in a better place And I will see u again I love u to the max
Happy 2nd Birthday in Heaven.  I know I am a few days late with my wishes but you know you are always on my mind little one.  We still miss you and wish you were right here so we could watch you grow and play.  When we see little girls about your age tears fill our eyes because we can only dream of what it would have been like to have you here on earth with all of us.  We all love you and are sending you lots of hugs and kisses.  With all our love...Great Grammy and Great Poppaw Elliott.
Happy 1st Birthday to our great granddaughter, Amaya Grace.  We certainly wish you were here with us and we could all celebrate your 1st big birthday.  You left us much too soon and we will forever think about you and wonder who you would have been and who you would have looked like.  Precious girl you are in the best place you could be...with our heavenly father.  We love and miss you.
Happy 1st! I hope you're living it up in Heaven right now! I miss you. But you will forever be in my heart, I love you. Happy 1st. &lt;3 ~A Very Proud Aunt
hi angel. mommy thinks of u everyday! i miss you more than u could every imagine and some days im lost not knowing what to do with myself. a little peice of me is missing now... i hope your having fun up there with all your family and the rest of us will see you again one day i promise... i love you more than life itself and will never forget you. be a good girl...  &lt;3
Amaya Grace", one of God's Heavenly Angels, forever in our hearts.   There is always comfort in knowing that God only takes the best and will mend all broken hearts.
Mommy and daddy love you angel. We will always remember the day that we got to see your beautiful face. Even though we were not able to have you here with us we know that you will always be with us and watching over us. We love you more than you will ever know and will never forget you. *Our daughter, our angel*  We will see you again one day i promise! LOVE YOU!! -Mommy and Daddy &lt;3
peanut you will be greatly missed darling you are loved very much and we will carry you in our hearts forever... aunt dannie will have her 2 angels watching over her always you and elizabeth behave in heaven your mommies misbehave enough here.. rest in peace angel...
Amaya Grace may u rest in peace u sweet little angel u i know u will be missed by your mommy and daddy but than will always have u with them in mind soul and heart and u will be in all are prayers as well may u rest in peace
Amaya Grace you will be greatly missed by all of your facebook family and especially you mama and daddy now you are going to heaven with all those other great people up there well anyways you have fun with all those little angels and if you meet my grandmother please tell her hello love ya
You are so loved and in so many hearts. Your mommy and daddy will hold you in there hearts forever and always. You are in Gods loving Arms. Rest in peace Sweet Little Girl Amaya Grace Johnson.
Amaya Grace, You were so special, God wanted you to be an angel for your mother and father. We won't ever forget you and you will always hold a spot in each of our hearts. Rest peacefully knowing you will be missed dearly. &lt;3
We love you Amaya . we know you will be watching over all of us.. you will be rembered by us all.
Baby Amaya Grace...from the time we knew you were expected we loved you with all our heart.   Our third great grandchild  you were  so happily anticipated.  We will miss  holding you and getting to know what a special little girl you were.  Even though we never met you we will always feel blessed to have our own special angel.  It brings us peace to know you are safe in the arms of God.
My sweet little angel Amaya Grace, how much you are loved.  God chose you to be his little angel and now we must find comfort in knowing that you are in heaven watching over us each and every day.  I know your Granddaddy Bobby and Grandma Betsy were so happy to have you with them and I know they are taking such good care of you!  No words could ever express how much we love you!
Even though we never really got to meet you, you were already loved so much by so many. Rest in peace sweet little Amaya Grace. God may have you in his arms in heaven, but you truly lie in the hearts of your mommy and daddy &lt;3
I really miss you Dad! I love you bunches! Sally
Well Bill, the old cancer bug got me.  Even though we said we wouldn't fight it, I am.  Doing good with chemo treatments and looks like God going to give me more to do.  VIM trips not the same without you.  Put it bluntly, we did a hell a lot of good work together.  I won't be part of a team till 2019 but will carry on for us.  Hey can you see my beard?  Looks a lot like yours.   Just keep waiting for us and know we're trying our best to follow you to heaven.
I just watched the video of you having coffee with the boys at Haviland...it feels like I could just reach out and touch you! You were having such a good time. I love to see you laughing and joking! It brings me comfort to know someday I will see you laughing again, and hear your jokes again, and we'll be praising God together. See you later, Dear!
Dad,        Once again another year has passed. I just can't believe you've been gone for 5 years. I sure do miss you! I love you Dad! Sally
Hey old buddy been long 5 without you.  We keep plugging along and catching a few fish along the way.  Keep watching over us, this old world needs all the help it can get.  See you down the road.  Loren
Dad.        It's hard to believe it's been four years. I miss you everyday. We finally did it, we made the trip to Havasupai Falls just like you asked us too. There were eleven of us, Chris and Heidi and Will, Katie and I. Margaret and Mike, Mark and David, and Darwin and Colleen. It truly is one of the most beautiful places in the world and I hope someday to return. I understand why you picked that spot, the beauty and overwhelming sense of tranquility was amazing. The adventures we all had as a family to get there and return brought us all together in a very special way. We grew closer as a family, learned alot about each other and had a wonderful time full of lots of laughter, tears and love. Those memories will last forever. As i rode past the falls and said good-bye I felt an overwhelming sense of peace that Chris and I had fulfilled your wishes. I love you! Sally
Dad,         Another year has passed. Chris and I have had some really good visits lately and we both miss you very much!  I just wanted to say We Love You, Sally
Still miss you, Dear. Time does ease my sadness, but I will never forget you and I thank God that someday we will see each other again! Love to you...
Bill, we still think of you often. We are going to Branson later this month &amp; know you went to your daughter's in that area  so thought of you. It was such a joy getting to know you &amp; have you spend 3 weeks with us when our VIM team built on to our church
I miss you Dad. It's just one of those days. I wish we could have a cup of coffee at 508 S. 16th.  I listened to The old Rugged Cross this morning and I could feel Grandma Nina sitting in the pew next to me and hear her singing when I close my eyes. Just wanted to say I love you. Sally
Bill,  We think of you often. We have many great memories of you and consider ourselves lucky to have known you.  Love Jim &amp; Brenda
Our dear friend Bill, We think of you often and do miss your smiling face . You celebrated your birthday here in our little town of Cassoday when you were helping here on our VIM team and staying at our home. Love you friend. Calvin &amp; Marlene
Dear Brother, remembering you on your birth date. Was going thru some various photos this past week and there were several of you which Chris&amp;Sally might like to have. Miss you.
Happy Birthday Bill!  My memories of you are from my younger years when I would spend the night at your home with Sally. I can see you so clearly now in your overalls covered in paint with a grin on your face. You never said much but I knew I was always welcome in your home. My thoughts &amp; prayers continue to go out to your family who I know miss you very much. Love &amp; miss you, Melodie
Happy Birthday Dad !! I have missed you so much. There are so many times I wish you were here. Last night we were at Termite's (Shelby) school musical and you would have been so proud to see that little one singing on that big stage. Your Great Grandson Logan would also put a big smile on your face. Jenny and Jeff have done a great job of being parents. You'd be proud! Katie just graduated with her bachelors degree in business. I know you were there to see her walk across that stage and are very proud of her. Travis and Tiffany both work very hard and are building a solid foundation to start their family soon. Will and G are doing great. They are officially teenagers now. I don't know where the time goes. It just goes faster and faster the older I get. Chris and Heidi are amazing together. You were right! He seems very happy and I'm very happy for him! Katie is visiting them this week and I'm sure he is thinking of you today. If it weren't for you we wouldn't all be here and have this wonderful life we live. Tom and I are fine. I know you would love our little piece of the world in the woods and laugh at all the chickens and critters. I love you Dad..... Sally
Seems like only a few days ago when we sat and talked to you that last night in Phoenix. Ole Don and I thought of you this year in South Texas fishing at Port Mansfield.  It felt like you were there.  Rest on old friend. We will never forget you.
Hi Grandpa, I'm addressing my college graduation announcements right now, and I couldn't help but feel like I was leaving someone out.  I know how important a strong education was to you... So I hope I made you proud. This is the only way I knew to send your invitation.  I know you'll be there. Love, Katie
Hi there Bill, can't believe you've been gone 2 years as I'm sure Sally feels. You are truly missed. Seeing your picture with that wonderful smile on your face, it's so warm &amp; inviting, it brings a tear to one's eye &amp; yet also makes a person smile, like me! No wonder you have so many friends… I love you, keep a good watch over Sally &amp; Chris!  Mel
Bill, We still miss you such fond memories working with you on our VIM teams you were always such fun to work with. Love you lots. Calvin &amp; Marlene
Dad,        I can't believe it's been 2 years. I think about you everyday and I miss you very much. I love you!  Sally
Still missing you, my friend.  Wishing you would knock on my door and come in for  coffee and a visit.
Dear Brother, thought of you bunches today as it's warm-good fishing weather, except for the wind. We would have had a good time anyway. Still look for you&amp; the pickup to pull in the drive. Miss you.
From Calvin &amp; Marlene Hinde       Bill, We still think of you often and miss you hunting your coffee cup! And Bill I think I gave you a pair of gloves several times as I thought it would help you from getting hurt or your hands hurt when we were on VIM trips and seemed you never knew where you laid them down at. HA Just had to give you  a little laugh about that. We truly love you and miss
Hey Bill, hope you have a wonderful birthday!  There's a lot of us thinking about you &amp; missing you.  Much love, Mel
Time goes by so quickly Bill, but the missing &amp; loving of our departed is stronger than ever, I love you.  Once more I give you thanks for having such a wonderful daughter, &amp; giving me the best friend ever!
Dear brother, so sorry that I didn't get to leave this tribute to you on the 11th, but Don&amp;I  were up literally day and night while one of our does was having her babies. A difficult delivery for her,she had three little ones and we lost one in the evening. I know if you had been here, you would have helped in any way you could. Miss you, still look for you pulling in the driveway. Mary
I keep waiting for the doorbell to ring multiple times and still find it hard to realize that you won't be standing there to spend some time, have some donuts and coffee, do some laundry and catch me up on your adventures.  Truly missing my brother.  Margaret
Dad.  I have so many things I want to tell you about but suddenly the only thing I can think of is how much I miss you. I can't believe it's been a year. I too look outside and expect to see you returning from a mission trip or a fishing trip, You made a difference. I love you, Sally
Bill, We still miss you and you hold a very dear memory in our hearts, we love you you were a great guy you will live on in  our thoughts forever. Calvin &amp; Marlene Hinde
Bill and I attended Pittsburg State University at the same time.  We were both education majors and I do remember him.   He and I looked much different in the  PSU yearbook and both enjoyed great careers in education.  How good that my neighbor Loren Pontius shared his memories about Bill with me.
I wish I could have said goodbye. I'm sorry it has taken me so long to write something, but I just couldn't seem to find the words. You were an amazing man, and influenced so many lives. You did so much good in this world, and I hope that I can make half the impact that you did. I know you're in a better place now, and looking over us. I hope you know how much you're missed. Rest in peace
Bill, You were such a great guy and a very good friend, we will always hold you dear to our hearts and remember the 3 weeks that you stayed at our home while working on our little Cassoday church. It was such a joy to be around you and having you work on our VIM teams. We miss you Calvin &amp; Marlene Hinde
To the family of Bill , We want you to know your Dad was such a dear friend we all loved him and miss him so much, he was a great guy. He spent 3 weeks at our home when he helped build the addition on our little church in Cassoday. He was such a joy to be with. Calvin 7 Marlene Hinde
Bill,  The VIM team is REALLY missing those precious moments we had with you over the past several years.  We love you, dearly, and miss you terribly.  You would be enjoying this team at Prairie View Church Camp this week.   GOD BLESS YOU for all you did with us AND for us..  HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Dad, Today is your 80th Birthday. I just wanted to say how proud I am of you for all the wonderful things you have done to help so many people. You truly made a difference in so many lives.   I DO miss you so much!!        I love you!!     Sally
Bill and I taught fourth grade together for ten years at Reeds Spring Elementary School.  Bill was an excellent, caring teacher.  Because Bill was a man teacher, he often was assigned "challenging" students with whom to work.  It didn't matter to Bill what the students' background or learning ability was, he took each one challenging them to achieve to their highest ability. Thanks, Bill,
Bill was a dear man to work with, so gentle and caring. I was Jennifer's first grade teacher while Bill was teaching fourth grade with my daughter,Pam Kutz. She also enjoyed working with him. Sounds llike he continued to make a difference after retirement.  Our sympathies!
Grandpa,   I've learned a lot from you over the years. From how NOT to floss to how to live a life helping others before your self. I hope that you know how many people's lives you have touched for the better. I wish you would have gotten to see Shelby grow up but I know you will watch over her from above. You are missed, Jenny &amp; Termite.
We taught with Bill at Reeds Spring Public Schools, Reeds Spring, MO. He was a fine man, role model, &amp; excellent teacher. He had heart. He will be greatly missed by all who have known him.
Cecilia and I loved Bill.  We had so many fun times with him while a 4th grade teacher and even after he retired.  I (Happy) had many "one-on-one" times of discussion and thoughtful reflections. He didn't "pull any punches" which were often filled with satire and humor.  Our deepest sympathies and prayers for all of you.
Mr. Johnson was my 4th grade teacher, and friend.  I was so behind when my family moved to Missouri, and struggled with reading and math.  Mr. Johnson was patient with me, and he taught me so much.  My first memories in Missouri include him.   I will miss you, Mr. Johnson!  Love~ Natalie (Trent) Bruce
We finished a VIM project last week.  Now we know what it is like to work without Bill.  We didn't like it!  He always greeted me with "Good Morning, Sarge."  I responded with "Good Morning, Gunner."  We shared Korean War, fishing, work, and llfe experiences.  He was a most generous person!
Grandpa,                Hard Working, Unselfish, and Intelligent. Those are just the first three that come to mind. Hard to believe you are gone! I hope that in my lifetime. I can make half the impact that you made on so many peoples lifes! You will be missed forever! Your Grandson Travis
We have had the joy of knowing and working with Bill on VIM teams......what a guy!!  His sincerity, hard work, wit, and humor was  always a positive example to others, and we are blessed to have been among those "others"!   May fishin' in heaven be the greatest!! Russell and Carol Rose
Feb 11 San Marcos, my first VIM with Bill started a change in my life.  Bill and I spent approx 3 months together during the next 12 months.  We worked hard, prayed, fished, traveled and talked.  He improved my life and showed me that we are blessed and must share with others less blessed with material things.  He truly made a difference to all.
Dear Brother, you were a real servant with your hands and your heart-always helping and doing things for others. One life can change the world and you did that all over the United States. I will miss your laugh, making us all laugh with the different stories. Most of all, I will miss the fishing expeditions. They won't be be the same anymore. Rest in Peace, your sis Mary
My father Fred was Bill's Uncle and they were 2 years apart in age. Dad loved Bill and always enjoyed their time together. I know that there will be some great fishing and wonderful stories being told in heaven. Bill was such a gentle soul and he is another angel in heaven. Thoughts and prayers to Sally, Chris, Mary and Margaret and families.
To the family of a VERY DEAR FRIEND.   I am and will be missing Bill for a LONG time.  He was always present on our VIM teams and he certainly made a difference.  He gave us MANY laughs, and we could always depend on his being there with us.  We will have to figure out who brings the 'donuts' now that Bill is not with us..  THANKS Bill, for some wonderful memories!!
I didn't know Bill very well, but I know he had to have been a pretty loving &amp; caring man for he produced the best son &amp; daughter! My heart goes out to you on your loss Sally &amp; Chris, my prayers are with you all. Enjoy the fishing Bill, we love you, Mel &amp; Bill
We got to know Bill when he joined our Volunteer In Mission group several years ago.  He was a great addition to the work teams - always ready to do anything asked of him, even the hardest, dirtiest work.  He provided a lot of fish over the years for our pot luck dinners!  We all loved him, teased him and will really miss him.  VIM teams won't be the same without him.  Bill &amp; Janet Ward
Love you Pappy!!!
Wow time has gone by but still feels like yesterday. Its been 5 years tomorrow since you followed the light to heaven.  I miss ypu today as I did 5 years ago. I will never forget you not in forever. I love you so much and wish I could just give you a hug and a kiss so I just want you to know how much we think of you.
Just wanted to say Hello. We all love and miss you so very much.
Happy late birthday mom I know it was yesterday sorry I was a day late.. We love and miss you so very much.
We love and miss you so much. You are missed by your grand children very much. I think about you everyday hoping you get to see your babies grow. Even know we believe your watching down on us why is it so hard to just let go. I love you so much mom and you are in our hearts forever more and we will meet again in another life. Two years wow time how fast it goes.Rest in peace  Jane MarleneJohnson.
We love and miss you MOM so very much. Each and every day that passes seem to go by so quick. It has been one year ago since yesterday. Wow how time flies. All a year has gone bye and one day we will meet again in another life. I love you and there isn't a time I don't think of you I miss you so much and your grand children and Mike do to and Dad i couldnt tell you how much he misses you.
Our sincere condolences to Johnson family.  May the knowledge that there are better days ahead bring comfort to your hearts.  (Rev. 21:3,4) Our thoughts are with you today.
I WILL ALWAYS LOVE AND MISS ARTHUR RAY JOHNSON.....BUT I NO THAT HE IS NOW IN A BETTER PLACE NOW... THAT HE DONT HAVE TO SUFFER FOR NOTHING ...THERE WANT BE NO MORE PAIN.,,,NO MORE WORRIES  ABOUT NOTHING...LOVE U  ARTHUR RAY JOHNSON,,,....'''TEARS I CRY
FOREVER U WILL BE LOVED AND REMEMBERED, SINCE 1977 THE IMPACT U HAVE HAD ON MY LIFE IS GREAT... THIS MAN WAS MURDERED 4 STANDING 4 WHAT HE BELIEVED AND IN MY LIFE HE HAS BEEN THERE HELPING ME DO THE SAME!!! EVEN UNTO DEATH. HOLD MY HAND JJ HELP ME SOLVE YOUR MURDER, OPEN THE RIGHT DOORS,PROTECT ME. I LOVE U ALWAYS
hink about you more and more everyday, i miss you so much. my guardian angel &lt;3 i love you!
Wish i could be half the father you were,mostley wish you were still here.miss u more then anything!I really wish you could of met my two girls,they are the only thing i have ever done worth anything wish i could say see ya when i get there but im probly going in the other direction.lol love and miss you!! poo bear
he greatest grandpa a girl could ever have! i miss you so much, there isnt a day that goes by that i dont think about you. i will see you in heaven one day, and to be honest i cant wait for that day &lt;3 i love you with all my heart grandpa! you will never be forgotten.
It doesn't seem like it has been 14 yrs. You will never be forgotten. Love ya  Big Larry
It's been 14 years since you've been gone larry, alot of changes like, you have three more  grandchilren, Madison, JaeLyn and Jessa. you would of loved them as much as you loved Tosha.One thing that hasn't changed is that I love you today as much as I did when you were here and I still miss you
Happy Birthday my sweet girl!!! I love you Nanny and I miss you more than words can express. You have been guiding me all along with your sweet presence in my heart. I feel so happy and confident that God will bring us together again...i'm waiting for that 'someday' to come. Until we meet again, keep visiting me in my dreams. I enjoy seeing you and talking with you. I know you are ALWAYS there! I love you, cris
Mama, you left me six years ago on November 1st @ 6 p.m. It seems like a lifetime ago since I've seen your precious, soft, smiling little face...yet it seems like it was only yesterday. I've re~lived that moment so-o-o-o many times in my memory...I was holding you in my arms when you left me and departed to be with our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. I can still see the look in your eyes...mostly 'cause you wanted to stay and partly 'cause you wanted to go.  You wanted to stay 'cause you were afraid that Blake and Johnny wouldn't be taken care of as you'd taken care of them. Well mama, I've taken care of "the brother" as well as I can, and Blake is finally with his mother, where he should be and he's happy,   As usual,it's with a breaking heart that I send these words. Since you've left me, so many things just aren't important to me anymore. Of course, my kids and Lee are not one of the UN-importants.  You raised me well to care about my kids and family, for you surely cared for us. There are so many memories I have of you, naturally. Even the small ones are important to me. I remember well: when I was about four years old, we lived in Fallon, Nevada...you would fix me an egg for breakfast and I've never seen ANYONE who could cut up an egg on a plate as fast as you...somehow you made the fork and knife move at the same time and quickly, too. Mama, you were ALWAYS here for me. I could never have told you how much I really love you, there just aren't sufficient words.  Now, rest till Jesus comes and we'll once again be re~united...I look forward to that day..;just as The Word of God tells us: The trumpet will sound, and only those of us who are listening and tuned in will hear it, and then we'll be together again, NEVER TO SAY GOODBYE AGAIN.I love you, mama....
It's me again, Mama... sorry I missed acknowledging your birthday this year. You would've been 100 years old, and you could have easily made it. I'm thankful to God for the 64 years we shared together.  I STILL and ALWAYS will miss you forever...everything about  you was a blessing to me as well to anyone you met. I miss you just as much at this moment as I did the moment you left me. Some say that after five years, I should be able to move on....know what???...they did not have you for a mother. I hope that when  I leave my family in this life, that I'll be missed even a fraction of how much I miss you. I love you, mama...rest in peace 'cause you deserve it.
HAPPY 100the BIRTHDAY NANNY! I thank God for you every day and all the love you gave me growing up. Now, because of you, I can share that same kind of love with my own grandson. I just hope he loves me the way I love you! Miss you bunches and with all my heart, love, cris
Today at 6 pm is four years that I've not seen you, mama. How I miss touching your soft face, telling you "I LOVE YOU, MAMA" and hearing you reply "I LOVE YOU TOO, BABY."  I miss everything about you. There's not an "nth" of a degree of a second that I'm not thinking of you or missing you. I'll always grieve for you..I LOVE YOU, MAMA.
I miss my sweet little Nanny each and every day. Her soft laugh, her mere existence was a true blessing from God. I love you Nanny! Wait for me cause I can't wait to see you again. Love, Cris
So many wonderful memories of my darling mother, a licensed vocational nurse by profession, truly her calling. She had the gift of giving...of heart, her hands, her words of wisdom whenever I needed guidance. Mama, I'll not kiss your sweet, soft cheek and tell you " I LOVE YOU, MAMA", not again in this life but one day I'll join the reunion that you've already experienced. I MISS U FOREVER
Its been one year since you left me today.... Gosh I miss you so much. There hasnt been a day go by that I havent thought about you.Although  I would give anything to have you back here with me, I have become content with you watching over me everyday. I love you daddy &amp; I miss you so much!
Daddy,  You was one of a kind,  You always had a smile upon your face,  You made me so happy when i was around you,  You was my father,  You was my friend,  You are now my guardian angel,  I will never forget you,  I will always have you on my mind and in my heart,  I will go to sleep and wake up thinking of you,  Were ever i go i know you will be there with me,  What ever i do i know you will b
One of a kind
ove u uncle james and miss u so much....u were so funny u always made me laugh..ill remember u always and forever!!!
you were all of me James i never loved anyone more than you. we spent a lifetimes together
nding love to your family and love to you Jamie xxx
Rachel &amp; Ron Johnson wrote at  2011-10-10 07:59:09  To the family of Mr. Johnson, we would like to offer our deepest sympathy for the loss of your dear loved one. We pray that the God of all tender mercies and comfort continue to be with you during this difficult time. May our Heavenly Father continue to wipe the tears from your eyes until the time when sickness, pain, and death is a thing of t
Kelly Brown-Mason (dear friend of daughter Angela) wrote at  2011-10-07 09:10:15  Angela and Donta;you and the family have my deepest condolences and prayers. May God give you and the family strength; and know with each day passing the Lord will see you through.
Elder Mary Boykin lit a candle at  2011-10-10 19:00:20  There is no sorrows that heaven can not heal. You are in our thoughts and prayers. Love, The Boykin Family.
Vickie Billingslea lit a candle at  2011-10-07 08:32:02  Rest in peace Mr. Johnson
Randall Shears &amp; Lesa lit a candle at  2011-10-07 06:51:14  May God be with you through this difficult time. You are in our thoughts and prayers.
Cathy Whitaker, Granddaughter wrote at  2011-06-23 13:44:11  I have many memories of my Grandmama Ceil when she lived in Detroit. I loved the flowers she had enclosed in glass on her cocktail table. I remember the trips down south with her and Daddy Charlie, my sister, Roberta and brother Charles in their big station wagon. I am glad to have these memories and mourn her passing.
Tracey Heard Kendrick, Jamie's neice lit a candle at  2011-06-25 00:21:01  Rest in peace, Mrs. Lucille. I will always cherish the memories of my youth. I was in the Little Upshaw Choir that you organized. Nothing but fond memories I will hold close to my heart and cherish forever.
A friend wrote at  2011-04-15 10:36:18  You have our deepest sympathy. The death of a child is especially tragic. Please take comfort in knowing that God promises a resurrection (Acts 24:15) to a world where there will be no more pain and dying (Rev. 21:3,4). What a loving God to care for humans so deeply.
ousin wrote at  2011-04-09 14:27:47  Our deep and sincere sympathy is extended to you during this difficult time. We pray that God will continue to heal and comfort your hearts.  Weeping may endure for a night, but with God joy will come in the morning.  God bless and we love you,  Ronnie&amp; Tracy Kyles, Mercedes, and family.
Let the memory of Shalonda be with us forever
My Grandmother was the best thing I had in my life. When i lost her my life went down the drain, But with god i am making it.
Hello again Hal.  It's so hard to believe you left us 4 years ago.  I want you to know I think of you every day and miss you always.  Thank you for being the man you were to both myself, my girls.  Julie and Sarah loved you so much.  We had such a wonderful 10 years - I am forever grateful for that.   Rest in the arms of angels - until we meet again. I love you.
2 years have passed, still the memories we shared surround me every day.  Heaven is a much better place with you in it Hal - You were and will always be the greatest love of my life.  Rest In Peace ...... until we meet again some day.   I love you always and forever......
Not a moment of the day passes without loving thoughts of you.  How I want to tell you what you brought to my life was overwhelming - I love you then and love you forever.
In memory of my precious baby boy, we hold on to all of the moments we shared with you. We fill our hearts with the love, laughter and joy that you shared. You are still a part of us. We love you Markee.
To love stephanie was not a strain. Five beautiful roses of her life remain. Beautiful blossoms of strength the world gained, because she lived god ordained. An inspiration she came to be, and a good friend she was to me. long live the memory of my sister- friend stephanie. AS WE ALWAYS SAID STEPH IF YOU GET TO HEAVEN BEFORE I DO SAVE ME A SEAT LOVE ALWAYS LADY Z
4 my short time knowing her,she was an inspiration to my family and I and those who heard her story. She will forever be missed and known for the strong woman that she was. RIP Ms.Stephanie and thank you for the advises you've given justin and I when we were going thru hard times
You were a great father and grandpa. Your presence will be missed. We love you and miss you always. Dad I will always cherish our special moments. The Crump Family
Many long years Since my world fell apart Many shed tears Still broken heart   Gone so fast Gone in your sleep I look on the past The pain so deep   In my heart I hold you near We had to part Your still so dear   © Jacqueline Work
Thirteen years since you past In my heart your memory will last I still cant believe your not here Everyday for you I shed a tear The fun we had the bad and the good You would always put me in a good mood You were not just my uncle but also my friend You may be gone but the memory's never end © Ja
Wayne was my brother, and my friend there,s not a day goes by that your not thouht of, I Love and miss you, so much! All my love Linda.
Always and Forever in my heart little sister.  I love you!
EDWARD I LOVE U VERY MUCH AND U WILL ALWAYS BE IN MY HEART AND ON MY MIND... R.I.P. BABE
This memorial website was created in the memory of our son austin william johnson. who was born on july 7, 2003 and passed away on feburary 15, 2010. we will alway miss you and forever be in our heart.
y missin you granny  love your,pink rose bud
To our granddaddy, we miss you, and will always love you.  We miss your jokes, fish, soups, and who you was. Family ant the same with you hitting kids with the cane, for getting on your foot, or talking about grandmomma cooking.   From Peachez; Family really is different without you! I pray your in Heaven,,,,,,,
It is so hard to believe that your really gone. Every time I pass a car with fishing poles hanging out the window I often think of you. I'm wondering at this very moment, are you fishing right now, how much does baits cost. Are you fishing with a pole, fishing rod, or both. I really miss those fried biscuits that no one around here cook. I really wish you had stayed around to see H&amp;H.
Happy Birthday daddy I miss u so much and the time we spent together and the memories I have makes it easier to accept the fact that your no longer with us cause when I think about that big smile u carried on your face and all the smiles u brought to others faces always puts a smile on my face.                       Love frances
To my loving granddaddy happy birthday I miss you so much I wish you are happy in heaven LOVE KITTY MA
mary  johnson i ofting find my self talking to you  as  thou you was here  thats how much i mist you there is no day go by that i dont think of you iwill always keep you in my heart  my love for you will  never end until we see each other again love always your wife
Happy birthday from your wife, children and grand children! We pray God will keep you even in eternity.
Happy Birthday Grand-daddy i wish you were here to see the very special day that was made just for you. i love you....from Dasha"
To my loving granddaddy I love you and miss you but I guess it was time but its not over I'll see you in heaven Love Dasha your Grand-baby
I love and miss u Jimmy Lee... But u know that already givin I talk to u daily... give my daddy a big hug for me... &lt;3 kisses to my loves in heaven &lt;3 u are missed by ur family and friends.      HAPPY 4TH&lt;3
Its been 14 years but your still on the hearts of everyone who loved you so strong. We miss you Jimmy Lee and love you so much. Rest in Peace to a angel who once walked the earth and now has his wings to roam heaven watching over all whom he loved.
Another year without you here with Kim. You are in Heaven with all our family, playing cards or dominos! Try to be Kim’s grandpa’s partner in dominos, he’s pretty good,  But so is my mom and Aunt Bonnie! Just can see yo all having fun! All of us will be together someday, playing games like we use to here on earth! Just wanted you to know that your thought of here on this earth, Keep leaving little signs for Kim, she still needs them, not as bad as before, But as those left behind, those little signs mean a lot,                          See you later,Mathew
I Love you, I miss you.
Happy Birthday, Matt Another year has passed, I know Kim thinks about you, for you are her true love now and forever!!! Some day you will be together again  ❤️
Happy Earth Birthday my Love. I miss you.  Thank you for the sign you are still arou me. Xoxo
Happy Anniversary Babe. Love  you heart &amp; soul. Always have,  always will. Soulmates for eternity ❤
I wish you were still here with me to see try &amp; make your birthday  special &amp; all about you. This day was &amp; always will be a celebration of your life here, never shared.  Love you heart and soul. Miss you. Xo
You would have been 40 today &amp; we would be having this huge Birthday blowout party to Celebrate it. I know I can get upset because you left me way too soon i still love you heart n soul and miss you deeply. ~until we are together again xoxo ~
Happy Birthday Matt, the big 40! Kim would have been getting together a great big party for you on this earth. Now you two will do all the missed parties together later when you're together again, sorry but that has to be much later. You are thought of from a lot of people Matt, love you, Judy
Happy Fathers Day.  Thank you for visiting me in my dreams last night.  I promise to look into Texas. ;-) I love &amp; Miss you.  xoxo Heart &amp; soul
Hard to believe you would have been 39 today.  Not a day passes where I don't miss you. I love you .
Happy birthday Mathew, you are Kim's love which you will be in her heart always . We, loose our love ones but your in our heart forever ! Love you if only for a short while.  Your cousin, Judy
Matthew...I feel like I know you. just wanted to say we are taking good care of your Kim. She adores you so much and has shared many stories with me. By the way no more elevator games....
Happy Birthday love. How I wish you were here so we could celebrate like we use too. You  are my heart and soul. Love you forever my penguin. Xoxo
Not getting any easier without you. Miss you more than anyone can fathom. Love you penguin.xoxo
Merry Christmas love. This day will never be the same without  you. I get through the holiday's by remembering the holidays we shared, the fun traditions we started &amp; the love we shared. Forever in my heart &amp; soul.
Happy Anniversary. I love you heart &amp; soul. Miss you, even when you show me your still watching. Eternal love babe.
Happy Thanksgiving my love. Your heavy on my mind and heart this time of year. So many great memories. Our Anniversary is just days away. Love you throughout eternity.&lt;3
Your still flowing through my thoughts, happy birthday, love you dad.
Happy Birthday babylove. I invision the sky filled with beautiful ballons to celebrate your time here with us. I miss you and love you even more! xoxoxo ~ untill we are reunited~
To one of the 2 best dads on earth! Happy Fathers Day. I love you &amp; miss you every minute of the day, but I suspect you already know this. Today is our favorite movie and Ben &amp; Jerrys  cheesecake ice-cream in your honor.  Love you my Penguin &lt;3
I cant believe a year without you has already passed. My heart will never be the same. I would give up everything I have to spend just one more day with you. As we always said, Heart and Soul Forever. You are and always will be the great love of my life, my Soulmate...
Merry Christmas my love. Only you would make sure I would know you are still with me. I miss feeling you, hearing you, but you got my attention! I love you.
Hi baby love. I know u know the significance of today, I smelt u here. Soulmates 4 ever pook!! Matlover for ever.
Happy Anniversary my love. I miss you very much. Soulmates forever!
I know you can hear me everyday when I  talk to you. Thank you for the signs that your listening. I miss my best friend. I miss my soulmate, I miss you.
I love and miss you my son. Happy Birthday, may you and Clifford  be enjoying peace and happiness in Heaven
Happy Birthday Baby Love, My heart and soul is forever yours. I Love you.
Dear Mathew:  Happy Birthday~!  Wishing you were here to spend it with Kim, Zack and your friends!  But knowing you are looking down with God and knowing how much you are missed.  Please let Kim feel your presence today if only for a minute.
Uncle Matt I had some jack n coke and it was quite interesting. Very particular taste. I kept making faces I hope you enjoyed watching me suffer cause I did complete the whole glass just for you!! Happy Birthday Uncle Matt.
Happy Birthday Mat!!! Today we celebrate you. Although you have left us in this physical realm; the laughter, the love, the friendship you gave us lives on forever in our hearts. Toksha Friend...
I feel so sad to lose a good friend. I use to live next door to Mat and I'm still in shock he is gone. I can't imagine how his wife and kids feel. Kim, if you need anything call me. Rest in peace my friend.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY! I MISS YOU SO MUCH.
Happy Fathers day I miss you!
I can't believe you have been gone for 4 years. I miss you!
Missing someone gets easier every day because even though it's one day further from the last time you saw each other, it's one day closer to the next time you will. - Author Unknown
We had so many good memories
I wish I could understand why??
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY! I MISS YOU!
I finally have you back home daddy. I love you! It hurts so bad still. I miss you. I'm filled with what ifs. I cry every night since I found out. I always loved you and I know you loved us. I'm sorry for all the struggles you had to face. Rest in pea
Daddy, I just want my daddy back I love you will it ever stop hurting
Happy Easter! I remember when we had that easter egg hunt at nansen avenue and there were eggs we didnt find. Later in the summer we found them they we all gooey and yucky.
I was looking through pictures today with mom there are some really nice ones! I love you.
I am so sad today.I talked to your brother and I finally found out what happened. I am glad you dont have to suffer anymore. I love you and I wish I could see you again but I will have to wait until heaven. I love you daddy
Daddy, I love you and miss you!! I wish I could have seen you one last time before you passed. I will always cherish our memories together. Living without out you is so hard.
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.
Why did you give your life to people who were to lazy to keep your legacy going? At the morgue you were at peace. Who is going to cry for the man who long for the love of his mother to only see her buried in the back of a church? I will love you fore
My condolence to the Johnson family.Words cannot begin to express our sorrow.Remember to hold tight to  memories for comfort and remember that we love and care about you all.
Joe preceded in death by (1st) wife Leah Hampton. Survived by (1st) son Joseph Johnson, 2 (daughters) Carmi Johnson, Carmen Johnson Cabuloy,(2nd) wife Mary Thompson Johnson, Bryon Johnson,and Brandon Johnson, (Bro) Dan Johnson.
TO MY BROTHER I FEEL LIKE MY PHONE IS GOING TO RING ANY TIME NOW AND YOU WILL AT THE OTHER END... I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART AND I WILL TRULY MISS YOU. ONLY THE GOD LORD KNOWS. MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND KEEP YOU BABY
Love you,          Miss you Lighten multiple candles Babe
Kevin's memory will be with us forever. If you knew him, there is no way you could forget him. Love you Babe
Kevin will always have a place in my heart. I will miss his smile. The Lord giveth and He taketh blessed be the name of the Lord.
I miss you so much daddy...
I'll never forget Charlie. He told me "don't drink, go to meetings, read the Big Book, trust God and help others". It doesn't get any simpler than that......and following his lead has given me a life beyond my best dreams.
You will always be the person I loved and cherished most in my lifetime, and the kind of person that made everyone whose lives you touched want to be better to deserve you. See you soon my darling!
One of my favorite Charlie sayings is "You do AA, and let God take care of BB.  And what is BB?  Everything that isn't AA."
Happy Belated Birthday Chas!!!
AS 9/11 approached, I thought of Charlie alot.  He and Bill H. took me on a fishing trip and it was a blast being in the boat with them, and hearing them go back and forth.  I look forward to the next fishing trip with them.
Charlie's friendship, experience, strength &amp; hope will always be alive in my heart.  Very special person!
Charlie, I have missed your deep,strong voice. Your wisdom,dry sense of humor,and talking about old days in Pasadena. I sure could use some of your strengh these days.
I'll miss your strong voice and your love--Melody Jaehne
THANK GOD  MY FAMILY WAS BROUGHT UP IN THE CHURCH. BISHOP S C JOHNSON. WHOLE TRUTH CHURCH OF THE LORD JESUS CHRIST FO THE APOSTOLIC FAITH.   WE ARE STILL UNDER BISHOPS  TEACHING THROUGH HIS TAPES. SHIRLEY LASSITER91@GMAIL.COM FELL FREE TO CONTACK US
Praise the Lord Saints that are near and far remembering our beloved Bishop S.C Johnson on today thanking God for giving the world a chance to make it in thru the word of God he put in the Apostles,Bishop Johnson in the early days as he once quoted the gospel is practically covering the whole world and still to this day is being rehearse by our very own Minister Mason who hasn’t added nor taking anything away from the gospel that was preach on the day of Pentecost. Peace be and God bless you’ll
I thank god for our late bishop S.C. Johnson. We will forever miss you. Thank god we have someone that still preach the gospel of Jesus Christ as you have received. He's faithful to the foundation that you have laid. I Love the apostle's doctrine!!
On the 58th anniversary of his passing, we still remember our beloved Bishop.  We remember the many years and joys we shared with him.  He truly was  "The World's Foremost Minister" of the gospel.  We have never found anyone to take his place in our hearts and minds and never will.
He was truly a Man, sent by God. I love listening to his sermons, on youtube. They are a blessing to my Soul, in this day and time.
I Thank God for our Father of the Gospel.... BISHOP S.C JOHNSON ... These words i leave with the LORD, Lord i thank you for creating such a Man that wasn't afraid to follow your every word, even if it killed him. Thank you LORD for looking upon us and sending us a true salvation, Thank you for the life Of Bishop Sherrod Charlotte Johnson! He's blessed us before our time and has blessed our generation forever by the word you sent to him, Thank you for making him a Father of many Nations! As you've made Abraham thy seed forever.  We love and thank God for him, Forever missed in our hearts until Jesus come Amen...
I could not let February pass without leaving a tribute to our beloved Bishop and Apostle S. C. Johnson.  He is the one that brought salvation to us,  and we thank God for him.  Many of his saints are now gone to rest with him.  Those that remain will never let the world forget him, and his gospel as long as we have breath in our bodies.  We love you our father in the gospel.
I never knew him nor heard of him until lately  16years after his death I came into this world heard some of his tapes and I known he was anointed by God
I believe Bishop Johnson  was the one and only Bishop on Gods green earth to preach the truth and the whole truth; the key is that he preached the WHOLE TRUTH and that alone makes him the greatest of his time.   Many have gone there own way since his death, perhaps because they worshipped the man instead of the truth, and no man is greater than the truth and never will be.  The truth still abides on this earth today, and there are those who have assembled together in the truth.  I believe whole-heartedly Gods people will find  where His people are assembled.
Calvin Moore please feel free to contact me at bjs318@yahoo.com about.Bishop.
In loving memory of your passing on February 22nd, 1961. We need more preachers like you today! Thank God for the truth you stood for. Elder Gary W. Hosch, Athens, GA
On the 57th anniversary of his passing, we want to remember our Bishop and Apostle.  Looking through the poems I wrote in his honor over the years, I found one written in 1959 titled "One Greater Than Solomon is Here".  I can say with assurance in the year 2018 the words still ring true about our Bishop, "One Greater Than Solomon was here."   We will always love you our precious father in the gospel.
Remembering Bishop S.C Johnson who was ordained from heaven to get the eternal word of God out to the people. Celebrating the passing of the world foremost minister,bible analysis,evangelist on today.Amen scripture Ecclesiastes Chapter 7 verse 1 tells me that the day of death is better than the day of birth believing by faith that he has a crown with his name on it waiting on the Almighty God to come
God bless you Bishop, I wish your were here to stop these false prophets mouth. Thank God he never left himself without a witness
On this day of the anniversary of his birth, we can only echo the words in Romans - "as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things. Romans 10:15".  To our Bishop, Apostle and Father, today we want to say again, "How beautiful are your feet."
Amen! Bishop Johnson we still shouting and abiding in the word that God Almighty put in you to convert souls from darkness to light from the power of Satan to the power of God on this day I'm remembering you by the recording you left that has me on this life time journey to make it to the kingdom Thank you again real true man of God,Bible analysis,and World foremost minister. Forever missed in the flesh but your spirit is everlasting. From the Memphis Saints
Remembering the Bishop on this day of his transition AND thanking Richard Cluxton for the information he has provided our family. It has truly left us with a greater understanding of our familiar history!  A Godsend!
On the 56th anniversary of his passing, in this frightening, evil world, I can only say that Bishop Johnson's preaching still rings true.  He sang  "In the word of God, I found a hiding place".  He reminded us all that Jesus Christ is the same, yesterday, today and forever, and not to be afraid.  Our beloved Father, we will strive to keep your legacy and memory alive until the end of time.   From your daughter Elsie
Richard Cluxton please contact me re:the birthdate.  I am Bishop's granddaughter. Bjs318@yahoo.com
his man preached THE WORD. he lives on.
WW11 Draft Registration for Sherrod Johnson has his birth date as 11-24-1896.  I believe that is more correct as he married Rose Jones 5-30-1915 and he would have been 18 years old instead of 17 if his birth year was 1897.
Did any of the nine children of Sherrod and Rose Jones Johnson have, become preachers?  I have listened to some of his debates.  He was a good debater.
Another year has passed, and our beloved Bishop's birth date is with us again.  We remember his many birthday dinners, and how we all rejoiced with him.  It is very lonely for all of his children.  But even though he is no longer with us in the flesh, we know his spirit is with us.  Besides that, the Lord moved on him to leave us the tapes, which will be a source of comfort to us until the very end.  We will never forget you, our father in the gospel, on your birthday and forever.  Amen
Is  it true that a man die and threw. Bishop S  C Johnson. He brought the man back to life.  Also how did Bishop die at age 63   thank u. I as well enjoy his preaching.  Is there any in the world belives and preach the same doctrine as he did
Praise the lord I was a child when my father used to listen to bishop on the radio and I can remember hearing his voice a powerful one I can honestly say that he was preaching the whole truth on how to live for God glory and now I'm bless to be able to hear his messages and follow him in the bible so forth that I'm save and sanctified here in Memphis tn and belong to The Church of the Lord Jesus Christ being in this church has been a blessing from heaven for me it has taken me out of the world of sin death and destruction and given me a chance to save my soul from the pit giving up all the things in the world is a must if you want to avoid the lake as bishop would say I follow all his messages on you tube and be very inspire to continue on my path to be worthy of everlasting life I have one statement everything that bound here on earth is bound up in heaven that bible as bishop would say peace be to you all and last but not least Saved Your Self
My grandmother was a member of the church, in which Bishop Johnson preach at on 22 and Banbridge street in Philadelphia. By God, never had a met a person who was so mean and angry, to be a person of God and be so spiritual.  Me and my sisters and brothers were called the devil from sun up to sun down. Everything we did was wrong and of the devil, she and her colleagues that were put out of the church made our lives a living hell. They worship the ground that bishop Johnson walked on. We were melested by family members. Still in therapy, I am confused who teaches human to be like that . Bishop Johnson cousin sister Anna may, and her brother James. They had a place in atco New Jersey we were forced to join the church and get baptized. They gave bishop more than God
We remember Bishop Johnson on this 55th Anniversary of his passing.  As we travel down the road of life, we see many of his prophecies coming true.  We believe, in death as well as life, that he was the true apostle and prophet for our time.  Your children love and miss you greatly, our dear Bishop.
I am young and never knew Apostle S.C. Johnson.  I was listening to Apostle William L Bonner on youtube one night and and I awoke to this man's teaching and I fell in love. Unfortunately, the Lord called him home nine years before I was born.  I wished we had more Preachers like him today. I wished that I was under such blessed teaching but it's difficult to find.  I do believe that all things happen for a reason and that God led me to his teachings for  a purpose.  May you continue to Rest In Peace; a true man of God.
Tonight is New Year's Eve.  I remember how we gathered at the Headquarters church in Philadelphia, Pa.  Our Bishop would have midnight services.  He would preach the old year out, and the new year in.  Those were the greatest New Years eves of all.  How I miss them, and you, our dear Bishop.  How I wish we could get those nights back, and dwell in those heavenly places once more.  We never, never will forget you, but hold you in our hearts until the end of time.
please remove all my commets
I want to say..I knew nothing and know nothing now about this man, only what I hear. I never met him. I never saw him. I listened to preachers as a teen ager and I heard him saying things  I believed. I saw his name on the computer .  I praise God he preached Jesus name and Water baptism in the NAME. that's the only thing I knew about him. I respect all who do.
What a blessing to have seen, heard, and known Bishop S C Johnson personally during his lifetime.  We remember his birthday on November 24th.  He truly is the greatest person I have ever met in my lifetime because he brought us salvation.  We will always keep you in our hearts and minds our beloved Bishop.
hi i love bishop j. whosoever is trying to preach is a fost prophet and on there way to hell fire. bishop sc johnson should be the only one preaching
I was raise up under Bishop.My grandparents took the right hand of fellowship,I was Baptist in 1948.All I know really is the apostolic doctrine,I often look at the picture that place online and it bring back memory of the debates and going to the church farm,those days are gone but not forgotten
Heard much about him. Where can I find so of writings?
Although 54 years have gone by since Bishop Johnson's passing, it is very gratifying to see that 5914 people have accessed his Forever Missed page.  Again I quote my poem, "One Greater Than Solomon is Here", and in death his words are still remaining true.  We love and miss you always, our dear father in the gospel.  You are in our hearts and minds forever and ever.
href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux45zuQBxlk" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ux45zuQBxlk</a>
Bishop sc johnson is so great he is god sent
Hello my name is Paul Johnson. Bishop Johnson was my grand father. unfortunately I wasn't born yet when he was alive. If you could share any information on him. It would be a blessing to me. I'am a ordained elder under the apostolic faith. Email is TSTLS1@optonline.net
As his birth date approaches, Bishop's spiritual family remembers him with love.  We will always strive to keep his memory alive on this site, as well as in our hearts.  Although over 50 years have passed, we still think on his words of truth, and the man who declared all of God's commandments to us.  We love you our dear Bishop.
He was called and sent of God, but he error in the scripture, however God will judge him for that. He was a man and men can get offset...
On the 53rd anniversary of his passing, it is wonderful to know that he is still being remembered and loved.  Bishop S. C. Johnson's place in the Church and in the world at large is secure forever and ever because the Lord, even Jesus, called and sent him.  Be certain that in the last 53 years, no one was able to take his place.  It is secure until the rapture when we will all be together with our Bishop again, never to part throughout eternity.  Thank God for him always.
Truly a true apostle sent from God.
At this time of the year, our minds wander back to when our Bishop and Apostle was with us in the flesh.  We would be attending services at the Headquarters Church in Philadelphia.  Our Bishop would often preach the old year out and the new year in!  Those were wonderful days.  Our Apostle, we are remembering you with love always.
This was my Grandfather.  My regret is that he was called away when I was a child, too young to appreciate the impact he has made on many through God's grace.  Please contact me if you have any information on his life--bjs318@yahoo.com.  Peace Be!
I never met Bishop Johnson ,but always listen to him on  radio,truly he was a man sent by God.I loved his preaching I believe in the aposotic faith,it the only gospel..
Bishop S. C. Johnson in my research of him was a great man. He was plain and straight forward and shot from the hip. Many people took issue with his doctrines because everything seem to be. Heaven or Hell issue. I remember someone told me that a woman called in and ask Bishop was it wrong to wear colored stockings and his reply was a pause and then he said " Going to Hell" Next Question.
I would like to hear tapes on this great leader
My dad and aunt believed in him and so do I. Still hear his voice in my mind.
I was a little girl when my 94yrs. old grand-father DUNK HARDEN heard BISHOP S. C. JOHNSON on the radio and left the so called cogic and our whole family was baptized and joined the church. I feel so blessed and when I was told that he had died, even as a child I knew that there would never be another apostle like him. ACTS 2:38 is the way.
Wow, 15 years since you have been gone. I see you more in me each passing year. Many thoughts cross my mind but I know you are happy and finally at home in peace from the cares of this world. I pray that I will be half the mom and wife and friend you were in this life. Always striving to make you proud mom. Love and miss you dearly. Please tell Aunt Sandy hello and give her a big hug for me.
13 years today, I laid you to rest. God knew he only needed the best. Not only a mother, a friend and a wife, but the best  person I have known in this life. I love you mom I miss you dearly. Rest in peace .
It has been 12 years ago today that you left me and went home. I miss you very much and know you are celebrating many wonderful days with Jesus. I know you look down on me and see what is happening. You know by now that I have met a wonderful man that treasures me and treats me wonderful. He has asked me to be his wife.
I know you will be here for the ceremony in spirit mom. I know I will feel your presence with me. His mom is up there to, tell Rosanne that her boy has found a woman to love him unconditionally.I love you mom and will see you one day.
Well.....it does not seem like you have been gone for 10 years Mom. I miss you so much. At times I can feel you still here with me and it is almost like I can still her your motherly advice and wisdom when I am down or can't figure out a solution on my own. I pray that I will be at least as half as good a mother as you were to me.
Although I did not know you personally, I do know your daughter, my sister, Rhonda. She has told me many things about you. You continue to live through her. She is a wonderful woman you would be very proud of. I know she misses you terribly, but you will always be in her heart. My prayers will continue to have you in them, as well as her. God bless you.
Every day gets a little easier not having you in my life. I miss you so much Momma and now that Dad is with you, I am on my own but by the grace of God I will make it through and see you someday. I miss you smile, I miss your sweet face.I miss hearing your voice and seeing you laugh. My memories of you will always be treasured ones. I love you Momma.
I love and miss you very much Mom and Dad. Now you can be together with our Lord. See you soon, love you always
Miss little calli long! I Love your mommy too..! and it makes me cry as well... I wish I could teach you all the lessons life will beat you with. however if I can teach you but one lesson.. It is one your mother knew.. and it was to love.. Her love was directed in many ways.. however I loved her too! I remember you as 3..  The lesson is. There is nothing greater than love my dear. I know you you hurt .. We all hurt.. we have all been bullied.. but we always need that LOVE! Your mommy is only one my heart hurts for.. There are many others! So many others!   Little miss Calli Long.. I Love you as I do your Mommy. Life is not life without love.. Love all and let your life bloom for all to be amazed by.. or let it dwindle and never even know her love as we have.. I love you dear Calli Long.. I wish I could change it, I can not! But I know she has not changed her love for you. Nor have I changed my love for your mommy.. To change such a thing ... means they fade from your heart. All my loved ones will always remain tight to my heart. Calli you will to because of LOVE.
Now as I always do. Erica! I love you. I miss you. I wish things could of been different. I wish so many thing.  One glad morning! right! I wish I could see you smile.. I wish I could see you hold your babies again.. I wish so much .. But I never wished for this .. I always wanted the best for you. I pray and ask My Jesus to  comfort you for all of time..  Its you love remains. and your beautify children will know it.  Love you Erica... God bless all you left behind!
Chera I love her too! she was a wonderful person I wish you got to know her better! I really know you would of LOVED her. Know she Loves you still she is not gone .. she still sees you.. she still loves you.. and she is still praying for the best for you. Help calli she is having a hard time. Such is Love... to love someone so much it matters not what happens to you.. or to love someone so much you take the time when they hurt. to do anything you can to change that.  Love you all!
Everyday I am depressed because of my mom she was the a answer to my question and I don't like not having a mom i need a mom to talk to what about you I am 10 years old I was 3 years old when she died my heart is broken I get bullied at school who's shoulder would I lean on i cry every day because of bullies
This is my mom do you think i miss her i cry so much when I think about her but at school I am not able to do my work because I think of you did you know I am getting bullied because I don't have a mom i am so sad i just wish I could have seen you smile just once before you died I can't even remember what you.look like because it has been so,long
I love you mommy
I miss you
Not a day goes by that I don't think about you. I met you when we were in 3rd grade and we stayed friends from then on. We went through everything together including the incredible moment when I helped bring your first child into this world and I was able to cut her umbilical cord. I always said I made Chera's belly button. Enjoying the kids while they grow and watching our kids play together. I believe that we would be lifelong friends  and while we watch our children  become lifelong friends. We shared those amazing moments and so many more. We were together in the new, hard, incredible, exciting times  and everything in between. We knew each other for so long even when life had our moments of us apart it wasn't for long finding our way back to each other sharing our stories and Adventures but now I share those memories in my heart, in my mind and in my dreams wishing I could hear your stories back. I miss you so much it hurts. I miss everything, all the birthdays, car drives while we sing, late night talks, lunch at Native New Yorker the Feed Bag and many other places, the crazy times at concerts and those amazing taco nights at your place while we watched the Disney Channel because the girls had it on and once we put them to bed we forgot to change the channel. I struggle with you being gone losing to many in my lifetime but I know you are with them all. Say hi to everyone and my father. I will see you in my dreams, when I say Elizabeth's name who was names after you even before you passed, when I wear your ring and shirt or listen to our old music.
I miss my mama i cant believe its almost been 6 years  miss you mom i love you
Erica you are missed every day you are the piece of my heart that is missing.  It is so hard to go on without you.  But I do day by day.  For  all the rest of the family and the girls.  They are getting so big.  I wish I could change things.  All I have are the good times.  Memories.  I just wish you were here. All my love  mom
Erica you are missed every day you are the piece of my heart that is missing.  It is so hard to go on without you.  But I do day by day.  For  all the rest of the family and the girls.  They are getting so big.  I wish I could change things.  All I have are the good times.  Memories.  I just wish you were here. All my love  mom
I miss you so badly.
I love you so much and I always wanted to just hear your voice and see you again.  You are my baby girl who lived inside me.  Knowing your not here is still the worst nightmare ever It is like I just  can not wake up.  They tell me I have to except  you being gone the you're girls are so far away I miss you 3.  I know I have Jason and Margie and the family. but the emptiness inside just will not go away.  When you carry a baby inside you no one knows what it is like.  Unless they walk in my shoes. All my love your mom.
I love you mom ,l
I miss you so much Erica, I will always love you
Love you and miss you the emptiness inside is endless.
I remember going to 8th grade promotion dance with her !! Getting a limo !! It was so much fun !! She was always smiling and her laugh she would always tried to hide her teeth !! She was fun and she is missed !
I still remember sweety.. I still love sweety. I cant forget nor would I choose to. I hope and pray that you found your peace in this world.. I haven't.. But I will. I wish I could talk to you. wish I could hug you.. one glorious day I suppose.I just wanted you to know Erica that you are loved. thats present. not past.. even if you didn't see it here. I love you Erica. One glad morning
Forever and always I miss and love you!
Erica, We love &amp; miss you bunches!  Don't worry we will see you again, Uncle Jeff &amp; Aunt Debbie  xoxoxo
I love you my daughter!  I will always think about you and how life was too short for you! xoxo from all who miss you!
Wishing we were out getting wings and playing poker tonight. Miss you so much. Love you Happy Birthday
I love u and miss u happy early b'day I will b thinking of u all day tomorrow!!!
Trying to figure out what to do on your birthday. You always said you never wanted to get old &amp; now your forever young.I love you &amp; miss you xoxo
I miss you everyday. I miss you when I sleep I miss you when I'm awake. I think of you with every song I hear or place I see. Damn it I hate this"
Mrs. erica.. Where to start I know our friendship faded in and out but u were always in my thoughts we were friends for so many years u wld always pop up out of no where lol. I do love u very much and in my heart I know you knew that.
I think of you non stop your in my dreams even. Its supose to get easier with time but its not at all. Damn you Erica I will always miss &amp; love you
She was/is my bf for 18yrs with it came lots of drama,love &amp; stress, all I say is hey thats Erica take it or leave it. She was more than a bestfriend she was my world.I miss her so much. I grew up with her so there isnt a day that goes by that someth
Erica I miss ur crazy ass...:,( the only one who stuck up to Ray 4 me... Lol!!!
ERICA, you were my wife. I always loved you,no matter what. We had our issues,but i never stopped loving you baby! I'm so sorry for the way everything happened. I MISS YOU &amp; I WILL ALWAYS LOVE OUR TWO DAUGHTERS,CHERA &amp; CALLI LONG.            no matte
Happy Mothers day my darling Erica!  Miss you always!I know your girls miss you I talk to them! we all miss you!  Love you Mom ; )
I was lucky enough to be Erica's dad, and even though she could be difficult i always loved her even when i was mad at her for something.  Her passing has left a void in my heart that will never be filled as long as i live, i miss her so much.
To all of the friends Erica touched in her life!  Just would like to thank you for the prayers and the thoughts! She will be missed more than she ever new!
My baby girl, you will be forever missed. i love and miss you so much. You were such a great person and i know you are gonna be all of our guardian angels. I love you. and always remember, your my favorite &lt;3
To Erica, may god take you in his ever loving arms, may he fill your heart with a love that only he can provide, may he wipe away your tears, and erase your fears may you not rest in peace, but live in unimaginable love in his arms. To Everyone Else, may god shower you with his love, may he fill your hearts with peace, may he ease your pain may he take you in his arms in this sad time.
Till I see you again I will never forget you. Live in peace Erica
The love of my life. My first kiss, my first love, my first everything, and now my angel in heaven. I love you with all my heart erica. I always have and i always will.
Erica I hope you know how special you are to our family. We will miss you and your random "knocks" at the door. Please watch over those you love. Rest in Peace sweetheart, some day we will meet again.  Love, Michelle Hamilton
I did not know Erica, but do know her dear friends, the Hamiltons.  My heart aches for her, her family, and her friends. Such a beautiful young lady to be taken at such a young age.  Hang on to your precious memories of one of God's newest angels.  May you all find peace in your hearts. Sherry Beaty
God bless you beautiful Elizabeth, and may your loved one's find comfort in knowing you will be together one day in heaven, where life is eternal, my love and respects to you and your family and friends, love, Cindy Mcphee
o the family of erica long. , you will always be in our prayers and thoughts.  we have known erica for many years and will miss her.  from donna, kelly , sandra , james and kristina
Happy birthday  Diamond  mommy  love you
“Perhaps they are not stars, but rather openings in heaven where the love of our lost ones pours through and shines down upon us to let us know they’re happy.” (Eskimo Proverb) Continue to RIH!!!
RIp My Little Angel  Diamond I miss you  so much  I wish I could  hold  you again  Love mom
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  DIAMOND MOMMY  LOVE YOU  AND I MISS YOU SO VERY MUCH  I THINK ABOUT  YOU EVER  DAY RIP MY LITTLE ANGELE
Happy birthday lil angel sleep well.
Rip Diamond  I love you and miss you so much baby girl love mom
In Loving Memory of Diamond.  Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.  Gone but never forgotten!!!  Continue to Rest in Heavenly Peace.
Happy  birthday  diamond  mommy  miss you  so much  Rip diamond
Love you so much, miss you Happy Birthday sweetheart.R.I.P.
Happy 22nd birthday diamond,wish you were here to celebrate this special day with you.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DIAMOND FROM MOM  RIP BABY GIRL
REST IN PEACE DIAMOND I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU SO MUCH THIS IS THE DAY YOU LEFT ME ON 12/16/1999
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DIAMOND I MISS YOU SO MUCH  I CRY EVERDAY IM CRYING NOW LEAVING THIS TRIBUTE TO YOU  RIP BABY GIRL LOVE MOM
Happy birthday diamond , if only you were here with us today you would be celebrating your 21st birthday today. We miss u greatly.
It's been another year I've been missing you RIP MY LITTLE ANGEL LOVE MOM
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  DIAMOND
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY GIRL  I MISS YOU FROM YOUR MOM
REST IN PEACE   BABY GIRL
DIAMOND IT'S BEEN 13 YEAR SINCE I LOST YOU .I MISS YOU SO MUCH , I STILL CRY TODAY.YOU WILL ALWAYS BE IN MY HEART .LOVE MOM
Gone but not forgotten , sleep on my love , sleep on.
MY DEAR DIAMOND; I WANT TO WISH YOU A HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND TELL YOU THAT YOU ARE TRULY MISSED AND YOU WILL ALWAYS BE LOVED.
Happy birthday diamond, you are greatly missed and loved . May you rest in peace
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY  I HAVE BEEN SAD ALL WEEK . I FINALLY GOT MY SELF TOGETHER TO LEAVE A TRIBUTE FOR YOUR BIRTHDAY 02/17/2012 I MISS YOU SO MUCH I LOVE YOU FROM YOUR MOM SYLVIA
Love you,diamond &amp; we all miss u greatly.sleep heavenly baby girl
I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU SO MUCH DIAMOND MY LIFE HAVENT BEEN THE SAME WITH OUT YOU I WISH I COULD HOLD YOU AGAIN LOVE MOM SYLVIA
Hi Mama another year without you.  I am going to try and think about all the good time we had to  make this year a better one for me.  I will alway love you and miss you
Hi Mama this is the end of another year without you,  I miss you so much but I know you are in heaven watching over me.
Hi mama another holiday without u I love u I am going to spend christmas with sheila and everybody  I will never stop thinking about u
Happy Birthday MaMa I Love and Still Miss You.  I will alway wish that you was still here with me.
Hey Mama we just had a real bad storm.  I know winter time is your favor time of year u would have love the snow. I love u mama
Hi Mama Jay got him a place to live by himself. I wish u were here but I know u can see him from heaven!!! Love u very much and miss u too I will never forget the love u gave me!!
Hi Mama a another year without u. I miss you so much
I was just thinking about you
Just thinking bout u mama love u!!
I'm sitting in my car and I can hear your voice say  where are u at on your way to Linda.
I love u mama it's hurt so much not to hear your voice!!!
Mama I thank God for u.  You have alway believed in me and supported me when nobody else would.
I love yu laycee nd I wish i could have gotten to meet yu , yur  so beautiful &lt;3
Goodmorning , laycee yes we have never met nd im wishing yu would love to be apart of my life . Yu are so beautiful . I love yu like yu have been in my life  &lt;3
Love you Nieciepoo.
miss you bunches, i love you boo
Love you baby girl!
I miss you so much sunshine, since you been gone its been mostly all cloudy days. I miss you and love you more than anything...xoxoo
I LOVE YOU
Happy angel day. I miss you so much sweetheart.
Happy birthday baby girl. I love you so much. I miss you so much my heart hurts.xoxo
Missin you
I love and miss you so much princess. xoxxo Mommy
n peace little one
I love and miss you sweetheart. xoxoxxo
I love and miss you more everyday baby. I cant wait to see you and hold you again...xoxoxo momy
orry for your lost, i know how you feel i have been there, so i am lighting the candle in memory of your little angel.
I miss you more everyday angel baby.
I LOVE YOU ANGEL BABY  XOXOXOXO MOMMY
Aunt Millie..    You were one of the best Aunts a niece could ask for..you're missed by so many..you're always on my mind..I love and miss you so very much..it's never say goodbye but until we meet again..love always your niece Tina
I miss you everyday!!! Love you sooo much!!!
I've created this loving memorial for my sister Myra.  I will miss her forever.  We shared more together than anyone I have ever had a relationship with.  She was my inspiration and I truly don't know how I will carry on without her loving me through every moment.   Please feel free to leave your comments and pics here, so that we may all share in the love and happiness she brought us all.
Today would have been your 62nd birthday. Your precious life was ended so short and tragic.
Sarah our beautiful daughter we miss and love  you so much, it Easter Sunday and we are all sending lots of love to you  and big hugs and kisses miss and love you always love Mum Dad Julie Bradford Thomas Hollie Jack Sam Isabel Jake  and Merlin  .xxxxxxxxxxx
My beautiful daughter Sarah I miss you so much my baby girl. Every day I'm filled with pain of losing you. My heart aches, and tears are like waterfalls.I am trying to be strong because I know that's what you would want but it's hard at the moment. I love you so much ,I'm giving you BIG hugs every day ,love you, all my love MUM XX
Our beautiful Sarah we all miss you so much, our world has been turned up side down ,and feels empty without you. Sending you loads of hugs and lots of love .Love from us all .Mum Dad Julie Bradford Thomas Hollie Jack Sam Isabel and Jake.XXXXXXXXXX
Sarah is very loved and missed by all her family. Her parents Tom and Linda, sister Julie, nieces and nephews Thomas, Hollie and Jack, partner Sam and his children Isabel and Jake.
Donna was a woman of faith, and she will be  missed. I would visit her at Brantwood  often, before leaving Oxford. She "never" complained of her medical &amp; physical problems---just smiling &amp; happy all the time!!! There is a cozy place for her in Heaven with her Lord &amp; Savior!!! RIP !!!!
We are so sorry to hear of Donna's passing. She has fought for so long and she is now at rest. Keeping you all in our thoughts and prayers.
So sorry to hear about the transition of your mother. You have my prayers and condolences. "And we know that all things work together for good to those who love God, to those who are the called according to His purpose." Romans 8:28
So sorry to hear about your mother.  She was such a good person.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you all!
Prayers and sorrow for such a loss of a beloved mother.
My sweet,  sweet baby.  Word's can not express the void that is inside me. I struggle with every single breath I take, knowing you have taken your last..       Not one day passes that your not in my heart and on my mind, my nights are so empty &amp; dark without you laying next to me. I thought I couldn't go on,  I really didn't want to..  But here I am!!  Still nothing has changed.  I miss you and love you to the moon &amp; back.  My forever love and my once in a lifetime..   Till me meet again..               Sabra Dawn Jones
I love you lil bro. You will forever be engraved in my heart. I hate you had to leave us so soon. You were such a sweet, kind hearted, giving person. We could never replace you. I’ll see you when I get there. #SistaSosa #LongLiveMyTwin
You’re such a wonderful human I can’t thank god enough for blessing all of us with you.   I love you, thank you for all the heart felt talks &amp; unconditional love. You’re forever in our memory. xoxo- Kristina &amp; Baby Sarada
May you rest in peace my love. You was a sweet woman xoxo
Twiggy, I will always remember your million-watt smile, your love of family, your strength, and your love of fun. The world is now less, and you are basking in the love of the ancestors. God bless you and your family
My fondest memory is walking to Walter P Carter down Winston Ave, every time I saw you you would have the most beautiful smile. I could be up to no good, carrying on with friends on the walk, I knew to straighten up when I passed your house. Haven’t seen you in years but I know the love would still be the same. I send my love to the family, but Mommy has definitely gotten her wings!!!!!
From the first time we met at Ramsey Scarlett, you were a ray of sunshine! We shared so many good times and laughs. So glad we were able to reconnect. Wish we could have got together like we planned. RIP my friend..
She was a true joy to meet with the ability to spread some good and positive energy. I am truly grateful to have grabbed hold of what she could do naturally!
Today in Remembrance of the time we shared I thank God for bringing into my life. The time was short but I cherish the moments of laughter, support you gave me. Truly I am sad and realize you were my friend. I will miss you a lot but will always carry you in my Heart.
What a beautiful and loving soul. A giving and caring spirit always prepared to help others. May you rest in eternal peace.
I’ve known you since I was a little girl, you’ve always been a nice, loving person You will truly be missed. Love you lots
will miss you dearly ima miss how we used to talk and laugh cutting up maken jokes. I love you ill always be remember you,you will forever be my other mother.
I remember you welcoming me in your home with open arms. I'm sad I lost touch with jazzy because you def was another mom too me. anytime I came over to your home to spend with jazzy I felt at home. I adored y'all relationship. I am forever grateful that I met you ! You will be truly missed.
When i seen her  she  always  had a petty smile  on her face and her hair was alway tight
I will always remember Debbie from the Big Smile she always given me when she see me always a Loving Person our friendship was Special  Love You Debbie SIP ❤️
There's not a day that goes by that I don't think of you and Jonathan. I'm learning and doing my best to carry on without the both of you. I know you would want me to continue living my life but some days are ere really hard.
Love and miss you like crazy pops life is not the same without you will always love and miss you forever pops xxxx love you
Not a day goes by that I don't miss my daughter
Charlie and I have known pat for a long time.  pat took my dog brandy in her home and raised her. we could no longer keep her. for that I will always be grateful.  pat was the nicest person you would ever want to meet. we will miss you pat. rip pat.
Pat was the best friend anyone could want.  Always a laugh when you needed one.  Miss you my friend...
I pray to God that he take me to be with my sister every day. Love you always Pat. Love, Tracey
I miss my sister every day.  She was my mother/friend/sister all my life.  She is the only one, besides our father that ever cared for me.  I wish I was with her now.  I can not wait for the day when we will be together again.  It will be the best day of my life again to be with her.
I love you uncle Andy. You are truly missed. I love you an it breaks my heart that you had to leave us the way you did. You was an amazing uncle an I thank God he allowed you to be in me an my kids life.  The girls miss you also an it hurts me to know you was taken from them. But I know you are watching over them.  I can go on an on but,  We will meet again my guardian angel.. An may who ever did this to you I pray God put conviction on their heart so strong that they see your face when they lay down!
I miss you Son and hold you in my Heart all the times. I know you are in a good place and no more pain. I love you. Mom
I miss you my dear sister, you are gone from us here on this earth. But because of GODS promise that we have eternal life through his shed blood. We have the hope and promise that we can see and be with you and the LORD forever more one day. Until then I will continue to strive to make heaven. I love you and I miss you but I am so glad you no long suffer from the heartache , pains and anguish of this old world .
Mom i love &amp; miss you so much.
Hey my son today is the day a month ago I got to hold you and meet you. I miss you. You are my son and will always be my little man. Me and your mom love you our son. And I know it has been a month but everyday I miss you and wish you was still her in our arms.
Bentley I will forever love and miss you, I  think about you every day, and I pray for your mom and dad, I know this is harder on them. Love you Melinda and Sonny so much
Aunt Jamie loves you forever and always!! You'll be my guardian angel forever baby!
I love you my sweet baby boy always and forever.
I love you my awesome sweet boy. I miss you everyday. U r always in my heart.
You were such a good friend to me and we use to laugh until we pissed ourselves (your saying). I'm so glad we stayed in touch over the years and I cherish the friendship we had.  Thank you for always supporting me in the tuff times, I'll never forget it.  You are never far from my thoughts and always in my heart....love you!!  ❤
We both were so happy we found each other its been a long time and i have been looking for dawn for years she was my only real best friend i ever had when i talked to her last she was so happy to here from me we talked about old times we laughed and even cryed  i was telling her i was going to come see her soon and we wrote back and forth on face book  i cant beleave she is really gone like i said she really was my best friend  i loved her mother and father as well i grew up with her   she was the most awsome person nobody could ever take her place  every time i think of her i get really sad  its really hard for me to really beleave she is really gone  im so blessed to have dawn as a best freind so many good memories we had together  is missed always my good friend until we meet again  love you  xoxo always
You are in my heart now and forever! Til we meet again
Even though you left use so suddenly a day after you 25th birthday, you are always in my thoughts and memories.  I love and miss you so much Wee-Wee.  I miss your jokes, laughter, even your wet sloppy kisses.  I wish you was here to just to tell one more joke.  I love you so much baby boy.  Rest on, We will forever miss you.
As her spirit soars in flight Here is a candle for you to light And with the flicker of this flame Say a prayer in her name
Violet, our lifelong friendship has been such a great joy throughout my life. Since we were little girls in school together we always had fun together and were loyal to one another. In all that we've both been through, you have been a consistent presence and support. It saddens me to see you go, but knowing that you lived a long, full, and inspirational life will keep me joyful. Our friendship and memories together will always be in my heart.
The first time I met Violet was at my father’s salon. I did not like her at all. She was judgemenal, controlling and mean. I disliked her so much I sabotaged her hair. After that day, she saw me at the mall. I was attempting to steal a dress, prepared to tell my father that my mom bought it for me. Violet saw me and set me straight but somehow we both ended up at the police station. My dad came and got the both of us. After that Violet and I were inseparable. Although Violet was much older than me, i feel like we grew up together. As we both got older. Violet began to inspire me by the things she was doing for the world. As an executive at a marking firm working in the beauty department, she began to include a wide variety of women. seeing this was inspiring and empowering for me. violet changed the regular assumptions of beauty. Thank you for being there for me. I will never forget you.
Violet, I will never forget your presence. You were my first love. Although things weren't perfect between us, I'll never forget the good times. Fancy dinners, broadway shows, and hanging at home with our adorable pup. When we called off our engagement I was lucky enough to keep you as a friend. Through that friendship I watched you blossom into your authentic self. Empowering young women around you and making a difference in the world! I am proud to call you my friend. Rest peacefully.
Rest In Peace Douglas , a young man  taken but never for saken let his love live on and never being breaken.For we dont know when our time is near thats why we hold our love ones so dear.R.I.P
May God continue to watch over you now that you are home in his arms with the rest of the family in heaven you will be missed but not forgotten we love you❤❤❤❤
I want to wish my mum a happy birthday it the 2nd year without you .I miss your smiles I wish I could give you a big big hug I miss you so much it is so hard without you mum. R I p xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Missing you Dad,I love you
Dad,I need you.
Happy birthday in Heaven Daddy,I love and miss you very much.
One day before your birthday,I wanted to be the first to wish you Happy Birthday in heaven.I love and miss you vey much
The day of my Dad's funeral. It was a First Platoon day. Major Jones, and Chief Chrisman made the trip to Northern Ky for the visitation. That is something I will always remember.
I remember him as my first major. But one of the fondest memories is going to Worcester Mass with him and Clayton Richards for the memorial service for the six fallen firefighters up there. I never laughed so hard at those two. And they made me drive the Jersey turnpike in The Chiefs car!
Too many stories of the Major to tell.  I always got a kick from seeing him out and about in the Suburban at 2am.  Always very pleasant to talk to, and would tell stories about his experience with the Fire Dept at the drop of a hat.  Just a great man to talk to and hang around.
So many stories to tell about Harold. All funny ones. We laughed a lot about everything. He was a great guy. He was also my hero. I'm at a lost for words right now. Because there are so many stories. But  here is an example of what a great guy he was. I was visiting him and my sister one time. I live in Michigan. When I had to leave, he actually drove me home and turned right back around and drove back to Kentucky. A thirteen hour or more trip. I know of no one else that would do that.  I think about him every day. Needless to say I miss him very much. I love the guy and always will.
On behalf of the employees and residents of Coventry House Senior Living of Oxford and Henderson, NC,  we extend our heartfelt sympathy to Mimi's many friends and family members.  We are comforted, as we know you are, in the knowledge she has passed from life to life eternal.  It has been a joy to have her among us. Audrey Smith, Executive Director Coventry House Senior Living
Ron, Jenny, Tiff, and family, So very sorry for your loss.  Will keep you in our thoughts and prayers. Kathy, Kristin, and Jocelyn
You left here too soon and we miss you so much but we will love you always❤
I am thinking of mom, it has been 13 years since you went on to be with the Lord I love you so much mama and I miss you down here on earth!
YOU ALWAYS  WILL LIVE WITH IN US.  ITS BEEN 3AND 1/2YEARS SINCE YOU LEFT US. I SEE YOU SO MUCH IN YOUR GRAND CHILDREN. I THANK YOU FOR TEACHING OUR CHILDREN TO BE GREAT PEOPLE BECAUSE THEY ARE. I KNOW  YOU ARE PAIN FREE AND FLYING HIGH. I WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU IN THAT PART OF MY HEART IS YOURS. I HAVE GONE ON AND LIVING LIFE FOR ME AND YOU .
Condolences to the Jones, Andrews,Thomas Families.So sorry for your loss!
To Lorenzo Jones , the Evan's , the Andrew's and the Thomas Families  We give our deepest heartfelt sympathy knowing once again we have to lean on Jesus .He will give you all strength and  a peace of understanding . Let us all live so that when this old world is over we will meet again . God Bless and Keep all of you. Losing a  Love one is very hard to accept and understand  but when those down moments come Always THINK of  those "Precious Memories"   Sincerely yours  Mrs. Ida D. Hicks, Mr. Jim ,Beverly ,Erica an Angel Brooks ,  Mr. Gary , an Deborah Leonard  of Buffalo, New York  ,Ms. Renee , Dwayne , Dominique an Darius  of  Rockhill  ,South Carolina
Praying for peace and understanding. Condolences from Gertrude and family
My sincerest condolences to your family and friends. I will forever miss that smile and Infectious laugh. She blew into my life like a breath of fresh air. Always positive and always encouraging. I will miss her dearly. Forever My Stella.
Condolences to the family! Linda and her infectious smile will be missed. I appreciate all of her generosity. To the family: One day at a time. Hold on to God's unchanging hand. Much love to you all!
To the Jones, Evans and Andrew Family. I am so sorry about Linda. She was a beautiful and sweet person. I will definitely miss her. I pray that God strengthen all of you as the days go by.
To The Family of Linda Jones, you have our deepest condolences. May The Lord lift your spirits. From your Family at Heaven 610 WAGG &amp; FM 100.
My deepest sympathy to the Jones family in your loss. This beautiful angel has earn her wings.  Always look to the hills from whence cometh your help knowing your help cometh from the Lord.
On behalf of the Spring Chapel Church family, our deepest amd most sincere condolences go out to the Family.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you during this hour.
My sincerest condolences to the family.   May you always find peace and comfort in the loving memories you've endured. You all will remain in our thoughts and prayers.  God be with you.
Deepest condolences to the family.  I worked with Linda for many years and I am sorry to hear of her passing.
We will miss you on this side but look forward to seeing you on the other side
YOU WERE MYBOSS,MY UNCLE ,AND I AND WE ALL MIS YA! WE CAN'T FORGET HOW YOU LAUGHED NAD SHOWED LOVE TO THOSE THTA KNEW YOU,SO WE WANTED TO SAY IT AGAIN UNCLE DAN WE LOVE YA . &lt;3
A GREAT MAN OF INTERGRITY,A GREAT HUBAND TO CATHY JONES AND UNCLE TO US ALL,A RETIRED NAVY VET.THANK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE AS AMERICA'S STRONG,AND FUN FAMILY LOVING MAN .WE MISS YOU UNCLE LARRY.YOUR VOICE IS A MEMORY.WHEN YOU SANG,AND WE ALL LOVE YA .AND WE SALUTE YA &lt;3
WE MISS YOU TOO.YOU'RE THE GREATEST GRANDMOTHER "BIGMAMA" ANYONE COULD ASK FOR .. YOU SOAR HIGH WITH YOUR SAVIOR ON HIS WINGS OF PEACE , WE LOVE AND ALWAYS MISS YOU ..LOVE YOUR GRANDKIDS OF MANY: DERRICK DANIELS&amp; ANGELIA DANIELS
I’m praying for extra strength today. It’s been 2 years as of today since my baby son was taken away. He was and still is loved dearly and will always be missed but never forgotten.
Thinking of you today, as always.  Love &amp; miss you dearly...forever.
This is my Father he was 76 yrs old not 96
To The Family of Dennis Roscoe Jones, Jr. we pray that God will sustain you during your time of grief. We count it all joy. From your Family at Heaven 610 WAGG &amp; FM 100.
What a rock she was for everyone! Loved camping, family, traveling and laughs; lots of laughs. You are missed as much today as the day you left us. Love you mom. Miss you, miss you every single day.
I Miss You My Beautiful Princess Jazzmyn Angel
♥ ________  __(█♥█)__ ♥__(█♥█)  .(█♥█♥█♥█)_(█♥█♥█♥█)  (█♥█)___HUGS ___(█♥█)  _(█♥█)__(█♥█)__(█♥█)  ___(█♥█)_____(█♥█)__FROM ME,  _♥____(█♥█)(█♥█)___TO YOU.  ________(█♥█) ♥  __________♥___
I Love You My Beautiful Princess Angel
♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ  Good Night Precious Angel, Sleep Well  ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ  Thinking of You Always, Sweet Dreams  ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ ♥ڿڰۣಌ
Jessie was loved by our family so much. I told her she was so cute and very classy. Jessie became my daughter, Wendy's, mom in law. Also a loving grandma to Wendy’s kids. No steps in the family except the ones leading to the front door.  Jessie was a treasure to us all as you know.  We all loved her and will miss her. I loved seeing the morning sunrise that she said Jesus made her.   I will hopefully meet her again in paradise. I told her I better be good so we can meet up again.  Both of us shared our love for Jesus Christ.  Good times.  Rest in Jesus arms dear sister.  My love to all our loves, we will miss Jessie.
My brother, Eric, was born on Easter. My mom had the whole Easter dinner thing done up, my grandparents were there, and after dinner she announced that it was time to go to the hospital to get the baby. My dad took her, and my grandparents stayed with the three of us, Michael, Jeffrey and me. The next morning we woke up, so excited! My dad was in the kitchen having coffee and he told us (Michael and me, Jeff was too little) that we had a new baby brother and his name was Eric. And my mom would bring him home in a couple of days to join our family. We loved him from that moment on.  Eric, you will live forever in my heart. I love you so. Allison
Hello Sweet Pea , I miss you so much , the fun we had together was awesome , I miss your smile and your laughter , But most of all watching the young woman you had become caring , loving person that you were , I love you with all my heart , you may be gone at a young age but never forgotten I love you sweet pea , I know how much you hated the nick name " sweet pea " but it was all in fun and I know you loved it as well until we meet again R.I.P baby girl I love you !!
Hi Heather we never met, I heard lot of things from your Mom, your family.  I seen photos too as well.  I am your Mom Donna and her family's cousins. I married your Cousin  Larry Jr .  My husband Larry's Father is Larry Sr, he is your Grandma Shirley's brother.  Wish we could meet you, give you a hug, gotten to know you.  From your cousin Rachel, Larry, Lena Warren.
I miss you lots Gordon not only were you, my partner you were my best friend, I hope you are looking over me from time to time, love you &amp; miss you loads, Kenny xx.
o sorry I missed you mum  I left you with your sisters and rose I knew heavin was calling you this pain destroyed me but you already knew the last time we spoke I held your hand this I will treasure for ever and ever  goodbye my friend I love you mum xxxxx forever and ever
I miss you so much I wish you were here just  holding your hand you felt so near no more pain no more fear forever gone but always here in are hearts and in are souls you rest now my lovely dear we all  miss you we all loved  you so sad you are no longer here  my friend kisses xxx
Gordon we spend 6 lovely years together, even when we split up we still remain best friends, I really miss you, my love, every one especially Pat, David &amp; Mark miss you loads, rest in please dearest xx
Gordon my love we shared 6 lovely years together, we remained best friends after we split up, my love you are missed from a lot of people here in Odham &amp; Shaw
Love u so much u and miss u so much  and ur baby Emmanuel miss u so much and he love u also any way u always in our heart can we always remember you.and always remember the good time we had with u and u in better places. Keep watch us. See u one day ..
The radiance of Sharon's example is still so influential...still so bright! The lingering effect of her joyful Christian life is such a wonderful testimony of Christ's love for each of us.  I wear the my golden yellow shirt (purchased by Sharon) with a big smile...and say a prayer of thanks for my dear friend, Sharon Jones, who now celebrates to joys of heaven...as I hear her saying, "Come on, friends, it's beyond your greatest imaginations!!"  Thank you, Sharon, for consistently living the joy-filled Christ-life!
Charlie, I am so sorry about the passing of Sharon. The two of you taught me everything I know about business. I was proud to be a Director of Pantops Children’s Center and your Child Care Center in Waynesboro. I have searched for the two of you but with no luck for years. I’m sad Sharon passed away from brain cancer. You guys had been married so long, I know how hard this must be for you. We love you guys and I pray that God will give you peace that surpasses all understanding in knowing that Sharon is safe and happy in heaven with our Heavenly Father and our savior Jesus Christ. Love, Belinda and Tony Scimeca.
What a wonderful friend Sharon Jones has been! A beautiful woman of God who was inspiring, fun, faithful and true...to name a few of her sterling characteristics.  Over the years, we discovered what an exceptional person Sharon was—especially her influence in the state of Virginia.   Sharon's noteworthy ability to influence children and parents whose steps not only crossed the threshold of the five early Child Learning Centers in and around Charlottesville they established, but in the churches Charlie pastored and in the community they served—their influence will be eternal.  The impact of Sharon’s leadership and influence at the state level has been significant; appointed by four governors, she served as the Chair of the state’s Child Day Care Council, making giant strides in accomplishing immeasurable benefits for children by establishing guidelines and policies for licensed pre-schools and care centers in the state that strengthened the level of care and significantly improved the learning experience.    Her commitment to excellence was apparent in the policies and regulations she and her council drafted and recommended, subsequently passed by the legislature and signed by four governors. These had immeasurable positive impact on the children and families of Virginia and beyond.  Our loss is profound.  Sharon set the bar and tirelessly raised it higher and higher...even while enduring significant health issues. On a personal level, Sharon was a delight to be around.  She sparkled with joy, her laugh was infectious, and a hint of mischief was frequently close to the surface. She was an encourager, she affirmed your efforts and she cheered you on…what a great friend! We will miss you, Sharon! Though deeply saddened by her loss, certainly God smiles as He welcomes this faithful servant Home.    To Charlie, Stephanie, Jana, Nadia and family, you were certainly the joy of her heart! May you be strongly sustained and lovingly comforted by your Heavenly Father, whom she loved and served wholeheartedly.
Mr and Mrs Jones has been part of my life for about 40 years now. They are like my second mom and dad to me. Ms. Jones took me into the daycare life and gave me a job. They gave me some great life lessons that I will never forget. Their whole family was apart of my wedding and I can see Ms Jones now standing at the back of the church with the video camera. She was a big inspiration to me. She was a great woman mom and friend. She made a difference in a lot of lives she touched over the years I knew her. She was a fighter and a strong willed woman. Thanks for being there and caring unconditionally. I know my life is different because of you. Love always.
So sorry to hear of Mrs. Jones’ passing. She was a great lady! We first met around 23 years ago when Claire started at 4 y/o at Pantops CC. Rawls followed at 6 wks old and both “graduated” to kindergarten.  They both loved Pantops and Mrs Jones. We loved and appreciated the care, concern, and professionalism exhibited there. It came from many but was always her reflection and integrity that inspired Pantops. Sara and I were both so fond of her and Stephanie. It seems like yesterday but Claire now 26 is completing her PhD in chemical engineering and Rawls now 22 finished VMI with distinction in civil eng. this May beginning his entry into adulthood and work. While both are the product of their many life experiences, I can say that everyone knows how important those first years are. Sharon gave them love, education, and security. We are forever grateful to her. My belated thank you to a wonderful lady whom I have admired for all these years.  Thank you for being a wonderful professional and leader. We are so very sorry for her passing but want to express publicly what she meant to us. Frazier Fortenberry and Sara Kaltreider
I was 16 years old when I met Mrs. Jones, at the Pantops childcare location. I was a senior in high school and was there interviewing for an after school job. Mrs. Jones welcomed me with open arms and I am forever thankful for the opportunity that she gave me. I developed long lasting friendships with my coworkers and most of all, I was able to meet a lot of wonderful children and their families, whom are still a part of my life. I would like to say to the Jones Family how very sorry I am for your loss. I will keep you in my thoughts and prayers and hope you can comfort one another during this difficult time. Mrs. Jones was a wonderful mentor and caregive and will be missed by all!  May she Rest In Peace.
Sharon was my son Wayne Carter ‘s child care “specialist.”  She became a good friend and I will always remember her sweet personality. Wayne now has a son of his own and I know he will be sad to hear of her passing. My love to all the family.
One of my first jobs was working with Mr and Mrs Jones.  Sharon was a wonderful lady.  She will be greatly missed. Mr. Jones, Stephanie, Jana and family, you will be in my thoughts and prayers.
Sharon was a wonderful lady and I loved talking about The Pregnancy Centers with her. She was so supportive of helping all moms and their babies thrive. You are in my prayers, Charles and family.
Love, Prayers &amp; Strength to the Family.  Sharon touched a lot of lives and will be missed by everyone.  I will miss you Sharon.  RIP my friend.
My mentor my friends stay forever in my heart Owner Four Seasons Learning Center Charlottesville Virginia Barbara&amp;Krzysztof Sliwinski
My sister, JoAnn.  As a child growing up I thought she could do "anything." We both took piano lessons from a neighbor lady.  After awhile she told my Mom that she couldn't teach her anymore that she should continue at the St. Louis  Institute of Music, and she blossomed.  Played all the classical music but still continued to play the popular songs of the day that my Mom and I and JoAnn sang together in harmony no less. We both took swimming lessons at the YWCA downtown riding the bus both ways with our Mom.  She progressed and became part of a synchronized swim team.  Very popular at that time.  Probably the Esther  Williams influence from the movies.  She was very creative as we have probably all received her personalized calendars that she has been making for years.  The time, patience it took to do those is beyond me.  But she liked dong them and enjoyed the happiness it brought to others.  I also have countless books of poetry that she wrote.  Even a book of lyrics from all the old time songs that our grandmother, mother and the two of us would sing while doing dishes together or riding in the car.  That was before radios were standard equipment in cars.  JoAnn and I didn't become best friends until she took a month off and came to visit me in Alaska where we lived for 12 years.   We finally got to know each other as adults and liked each other as best friends.  I miss being able to pick up the phone and talk when ever I want.  She was available to talk night or day always ready to listen.  When I think of a song that describes her, I think of "I Did it My Way" by Frank Sinatra.  And she sure did, right down to the end.  Good Bye, My Sister.
She will be very missed.  I have lots of fond memories of my aunt; from her teaching me to play my first keyboard to the annual calendars to introducing us to the goofy Christmas game we played for years!  May she find peace in her days from here on out.
If roses grow in heaven,  Lord please pick a bunch for me,  Place them in my Mother’s arms  and tell her they’re from me. Tell her I love her and miss her,  and when she turns to smile,  place a kiss upon her cheek  and hold her for awhile. Because remembering her is easy,  I do it every day,  but there’s an ache within my heart  that will never go away.
I would like to sincerely offer my condolences to the family of Ms. Jeanette Lee (Hackett) Shapiro-Jones. It is very difficult to lose a loved one in death. There are some encouraging words, found in the Bible, that might help alleviate some of your grief. If we throw our sorrow and grief on God, Psalm 55:22 says "he will sustain you". How beautiful to know that God will help you through your grief at this time!
This is your little girl that will always love you and I will never forget you the way other people did you are my hero and you always will be and I will never let your memory die after I die and go to heaven and meet you I don't care what happens then as long as me and you together we're kindred spirits and nobody can take that away
I miss you son
Not one day goes by that I don’t think about you IndieRose. Not a single one. I loved You since the day I met you. You stole my heart and taught me so much that I used to take for granted. Your little spirit will forever be with me and Andres. We miss you so so much and we will never forget you my sweet little munchkin!❤️
how do you solve a problem like Indierose? How do you catch a cloud and pin it down? How do you find a word that means Indierose? A "flibbertygidget, a will-o-the-wisp, a clown?" How do you solve a problem like Indierose? How do you hold a wave upon the sand? How do you hold ...a moonbeam... in... your... hand?"
I miss you baby girl.
Things are not the same
I love you Daddy and miss you so much.
I love you Daddy.
Daddy,it will be 1 year on Saturday that you left us.I miss and love you very much.I love you I love you
Dad,this Father's day is not the same!!! I miss you.I love you.Have a great day in Heaven.We are thinking of you. Always in my heart. Happy Father's day.
I love and miss you every second of everyday.
I love you and miss you more than you could ever know....
I always had a lot of respect for Harold. He was the best District Major I had.
I love you Daddy.
From Madison.
You will always be remembered You are truly missed Rest in peace my sister. Love you. Your sister Pat.
Mom, I love you and miss you, many times I have picked the phone up and wanted to talk to you....but in my heart I know you are with DAD and Sandy, grandma's and grandpa's
Kenneth, my brother, I love you so much,  you will be dearly missed. God saw you suffering and took you home, gave you a new body, no more pain, no more suffering on this earth. Thank God for our eternal home in Heaven! We shall meet again!  Kenneth Dale Jones Sr. - son of the late Joseph Willard Jones and Ruby Gooch Jones. Surviving siblings; 5 sisters and 3 brothers: Teresa A Hicks , Nancy J Strickland,   Mary Jones, Martha Mills, Vickey Wilkins,  Dan Jones, Arthur Jones, Melvin Jones.
Happy Birthday Kaye. I miss you but you are with Scotty and I know you are happy.
My love and prayers to the family. Kaye was my best friend miss her. We went to the yard sale, flea market, Hooters and had a great time, RIP
Kaye was such a warm and caring person. She was always so kind and supportive of me in my post-graduation period before I joined the Air Force, and was instrumental in helping me find my way. She remained in touch all these years since and always had a kind word to say, she was just a great, fun lady. You'll be missed Kaye. My sincere condolences go out to Stoney, Cody and Kristy, as well as Bret and Sonya and the rest of Kaye's family.
To all of Kaye's family:  Kaye was a great lady had a lot of fun when she was still around the lake.  Always smiling and very pleasant.  Will be missed by all who knew her.   Thoughts &amp; Prayers Carol &amp; Louise
My love and thoughts to Stoney, Renee and all of Kaye's family. Kaye, I am so glad we were FB friends, and I so wish we could have met, had that cool drink and sat on the porch and talked for hours like we both wanted. What a wonderful reunion you must be having with Scotty and all those that went before you. Thank you for loving my sweet Renee as your own, Fly high, no more suffering, no more pain. Rest well, my friend, you will be missed.
Sherri always loved her dogs. one special one Ms Bee!  Bee crossed the Rainbow Bridge a few years ago.  They are now with each other Happy and not in pain.
My thoughts and prayers are with Steven and Catalina forever.
I never dreamed my younger sister would go before me....the kids of hers I look in their face and actions and see her...I wished it didn't have to be this way.  All my Love Stephen &amp; Catalina...I Love you Dearly Aunt Theresa
I didn’t know Sherri or your family but wanted to share some words of encouragement.  It’s never easy to lose our loved ones.  We can take comfort in knowing that it was never God’s original purpose for us to die.  In the near future He will fulfill this promise in Revelation 21:3, 4.  He promises to eliminate death, tears, and pain.  Until that time —-deep sympathy— Julia
Rip Marquise...
missing u alot today can t call u for advise or if I'm in a bind not sure why u got taken so soon but hope ur by my side and being so proud of me like I was u I love u so much dad
I love you dad i am so glad your not a in pain or suffering anymore but I miss u so much
This man was like a 2nd dad to me he always listen to me and was always there for me I do love and miss him everyday I could always talk to him about anything pops I love and miss you
What a wonderful woman! Miss you mother❤️
My Son my heart will always always be with you. You fly high my Beautiful Angel until we meet again.
My Son my heart will always always be with you. You fly high my Beautiful Angel until we meet again.
Momma I love and miss you so very much
We are very sorry for your families loss.  The few times that I met Mr. Jones at weddings he was very nice and we had a great time with him.  Rest in Peace Kenneth Jones.  God be with you.
Daddy's hands did it all,  I love and miss you so very much.  I'm like a lost little girl without  you here with us..
I don't understand why god always takes the good ones you are loved and missed by so many everyone liked him he would do anything to help people who needed it and never expected a thing back our heart's are still so broken you left us without a warning we didn't get to say our last goodbyes love you nothing  there's only thing o ask please watch of your daughter Julie and give her some understanding because she doesn't understand she wants her daddy it stil doesn't seem real fly high Chuck and thank you for everything you did for me and so many others
There's a feeling I get when I look to the sky, as is someone is watching,someone hears every word."-Joe Walsh "A song for Emma"
I miss you so much baby girl but I have to be strong to take care of Ryleigh your baby girl we love and miss you love mama and Ryleigh
I didn’t know Rachel or your family but wanted to share some words of encouragement.  It’s never easy to lose our loved ones.  We can take comfort in knowing that one day in the near future the words in Revelation 21:3,4 will be fulfilled. God will eliminate death, tears, and pain.  Until that time— deep sympathy— Julia
Today is the day you had to leave us and it is so hard to make it through this day. I miss you so much. I need you more than ever and so does Amber. I am trying to do the best for her like you would do.Your Grandkids are beautiful and Tiffanie looks a lot like you.You are missed more than you could imagine.Your brothers miss you so much. Doug has never been the same.  You two was always so close.I will see you again someday. I love and miss you so much.
Merry Christmas in Heaven Tammy.I hope you are celebrating with all your family that are there.Your family here sure miss you .
Merry Christmas in heaven Tammy.  I wish you was here to be with us today. I still miss you everyday of my life. Amber really needs you now and so do I. Christmas has never been the same since your gone. We miss your crazy laugh and your beautiful face. We will be together again someday I love you so much.
Happy Birthday my sweet and beautiful Tammy. I have had to learn to live without you and it is the hardest thing I have ever done. I have been with your Aunt Beverly this week trying to help take care of her. She is ready to go and it will not be much longer now and she will be in Heaven with you. The family is devastated about losing her but she is in so much pain. I would give my life for you if you could come back and be with Amber. She needs you now more than ever. I will love and miss you till I can be with you.
I am missing you so much lately. I wish you was here to be with Amber. She needs her Momma so much.I hope to see you soon. I love you my baby girl.
Went to your graveside today and decorated for Memorial Day.  I hope you liked your flowers Vickie made. My sister put a beautiful wreath on it. I wish you could have met her you would love her. I still miss you every day of my life and will see you again when our Lord is ready for me.
I missed you being here on Easter. Nothing has been the same since your gone.
Today is your Aunt Judys birthday and the anniversary of the day I buried you. I hope you are with your Aunt Judy and you are celebrating her birthday in heaven with her.
Tammy I know that we never got to meet but there were times I felt as if I had always known you, the stories your momma would tell me about you always made me smile because you could see the joy in her eyes when she mentioned your name. Your mom was a blessing to me as well in my life as you were to her. Always know that your forever loved, missed dearly every day and that someday I hope I’m lucky enough to meet the funny and outgoing Tammy I’ve heard so much about...
Today is the anniversary Of your passing and it is always such a hard day to get through. I miss you so much and always will. I made this website for you so our family can visit and keep your memory alive. I love you and miss you forever.
Tammy you are the niece that I would never be able to meet and love dearly.  Someday I will meet you in our heavenly home and be able to give you the love of a auntie that we missed on this earth.  Please watch over us all tIll we can meet on the beautiful Shores of heaven.  You left us all to soon but we will meet in heaven.  Love to you from your Auntie.
I miss you everyday of my life and I will be with you again someday. You was my only little girl and we had so many good times together.My life has never been the same since your gone.
I'll love you forever I'll like you for always as long as I live my mommy you'll be.... I miss you so much everyday no one know the pain I feel since I was taken away but no matter what I him I dearly in my heart.... I love you mom.... Your one and only daughter Amber......
Tammy I wish I could have met you .Your mom talks about you alot and sure does miss you bunches.I know you guys will be together again in Heaven someday and maybe you will see Keith there too.He was gone way too soon too RIH Tammy.
Forever My Little Dove. ♡ Wishing I Could Have Seen Your Smile Before You Flew Away To Heaven. ♡
Forever My Daughter. ♡  My Precious Little Dove That Flew Away To Soon. ♡


Remembering you today sister. Thank you for being my sister for 60 years. You are no longer in pain. You now have peace from this world of misery and sorry. Rest well. See you again in that great day when God comes back for all of His children.
Happy Birthday Sis. I know you are having a big party in heaven with God.
Love you Sis!  Always Forever
You fought a good fight. You finished the race. You have received your crown. Rest with Jesus, my sister. Love you, always.
ooxxoxoxxoxoxox she was a little cutie
phie I love and miss you every day you have been gone but soon enough we will again be together forever . mimmer thinks of you everyday kisses and hugs to you till then
Beautiful Stephanie, I think of you often. I regret that I did not appreciate the time I was blessed to be around you, and for it making clear how much of an impact you made on those who knew you. Your innocence and love you had for everyone else was nothing less than amazing. Love you sweetie, Erica
Those we love dont go away,they walk beside us every day,unheard but always near, stilled loved still missed and very dear xoxoxxoxox
I LOVE YOU
I miss you more every day....
Missing you Mom.
Thinking of you today and always  I miss you so much mom.
Well today is 29 yrs since Maggie went to heaven. My hope is that your with her now and making up for all the years without your 3rd daughter. We miss you here on earth everyday sweet momma.
Happy Valentines Momma! I saw some cute things at twins flowers you would have liked! I miss sharing this day with you. We changed it up this year and Judy made meatloaf and a cheesy cauliflower dish. We laughed about how you would’ve said “what a good cook she’s become”. Sharing stories of you with each other brings happiness to us. I hope your with Al today
Mom just to let you know how much I miss you! I look at my teddy bear made by your bathrobe! I got this last year from Karen! I kiss it and am thankful I got to see you the last time! I love you and miss you very much!
Tomorrow will mark 3 long yrs. I have a dream where I tell my friends I need to call my mom because I haven’t talked to you in so long. You answer and it’s so good to hear your voice! Then I wake up to the reality your still gone. The world is darker without you!
nother Christmas in the books and it always takes me back to our last one together. You were too sick to come home so we spent many hours at linden grove so you weren’t alone. We had so many good Christmas’s that I hope someday I forget about the last one. 2019 I’m focusing on my weight. It’s the last thing you wanted me to fix
Today I picked up the tamales and thought of you and how it was our Christmas tradition. The tree is up and lights outside....you would like it
Happy Birthday my sweet mom! I prayed to Jesus last night that He put   His arms around you and give you a big hug for your birthday! You are the only one who knows how much I loved you and how I took care of you when you and dad split up! I was happy when you lived with me and was so broken hearted when you moved to Karen's. I just want you to know how much I loved you. Now I have your personality. I'm happy and friendly and have many friends who love me! Just like you did in Covina! I look in the mirror and see you! The older I get the more I resemble you! Thank you for having me and loving me growing up! I will see you one day my sweet momma! I'm looking forward to that. I miss you when we lived in Fontana after that things changed! I will always love you my sweet mom in heaven! Your oldest daughter Lillian.
Happy Birthday in heaven momma! We will celebrate you at dinner tonight like we always did. You may be gone but you will never be forgotten
Stopped by to leave you a flower
4th of July at the lake! We sure miss you
Stopped by to say hi....miss u
Happy Mother’s Day in heaven mom! I missed you today as always and used the many memories of Mother’s days we spent together to get me through the day....love you lots...karen
Missing you today....like everyday
Missed you on Easter momma. Not the same without you here. We changed it up and went out to dinner and had a nice time with friends.
Hi Momma...I missed you on Valentine’s Day. It was on ash Wednesday this year so we went out for a fish fry since I’m a practicing Catholic now
Was nice to talk to Isabelle yesterday. She was remembering you and wanted to see how I was doing. We laughed and shared some good memories. She misses you a lot and looks at your picture everyday as do I. She is doing well at 97!  Say hi to Maggie
Missing you today and every day.I so want to pick up the phone and call you,but the memories will have to do for now.We will be together again .There is no better love than a mothers love, I learned that from you.Love you Always # 2 daughter :)
To my very happy mom I miss you so much! I may not have been your best daughter but you were the best Mom. You will forever be in our home and in my heart. I know you are with God and will see us all later in heaven! That is my prayer!
I have a story ... It was when Karen &amp; I  .. were doing a Our lawn service .. So Mildred Mom became my helper .... so we were doing a yard in Fontana .. So mom was raking up the front yard and I was mowing in the back . I finished up and went to front yard .. looking for Mom .. I'm looking there are a couple piles of leaves there .. so I go to backyard looking for mom ... then I happen to look up ..  a Mom was having Coffee and Convesation with the Lady  the home owner ... LMAO !! I was like .. WTH ... I knocked on the door ... lady came to door .. I said I'm looking for my helper my mom ??? She started laughing I was laughing .. Mom comes out and says . Awwww Mouse ... I had to use the bathroom then the lady said would like coffee ... I said yes !!!  LMAO !!!   Me and Mildred laughed the whole day about it ... Then she says you can't take me no where ...  that's just one of the many adventures with Mildred ... Missing &amp; Loving you always Mildred ... thank you for being a mom , friend , helper and best Buds ... love you Always Mouse #25  Rest In Heaven
Mom the greatest memories that come to mind is when i used to come home from school and you were always there. You always asked us how our day went and you were very interested! Also liked walking to the store, you knew all the neighbors! We are still friends with Maxine Bolls girls. You were so outgoing. Cant wait to hug you in heaven. I love you and miss you so much. Karen gave me a teddy bear made out of your robe, it was the best present ever.
Dear Aunt Linda, I have such great memories of you! You were always laughing and giggling. When I would ask you what you were laughing about you would laugh harder and tell me " I don't know" He! He! Loved it when you used to call me Mouse. I remember you and my Mom always together chattering away, having an afternoon glass of wine and smoking except you did not inhale smoke. Good for you!  Sure wish I could have  spent more time with you but I am enjoying your books. Hope you and my Mom are happy and laughing. Hope to see you again one day in Heaven. :)
Missing you so much these last 2 years. Missing your positive,happy go lucky attitude, making me laugh, your laugh, hugs, always happy to see me, your roast dinner, pineapple upside down cake for my birthday and just hanging out! I know your with me all the time! Love you Momma ❤️
Dear sweet brother I miss you so much.I thank GOD we got to spend those 2wks together before you left. We laughed together and talked a lot baby brother.I will see you one day again Glennie.I can't believe your best friend died 5days after you did.He sure did love you.I know you are with him in heaven . I love and miss you sweet brother. Love Always Your Sister Shirley
Not a day goes by that I don't think of you Bub. I can hear you say "What are you doing Sis?" everytime you would call. Can't wait to see you in heaven.
Our bond wasn't the closet brother. But our hearts were always close. You are physically no longer touchable, but you're never forgotten. Let our hearts not be broken, but firmly hold on to all the memories. Love you brother, tell we meet again.
You are so missed Uncle Glennie. I hold my memories of you close to my heart. Memories of my "fun" Uncle Glennie from childhood. Memories of you taking me to the candy store and your contiguous smile. When I was baby you were such a proud uncle and you bought me my first pair if shoes - precious red ones. I love you and miss you but I know I will see you in heaven one day.
My dear brother I miss you every day that goes by.  You left us way  too soon.  I can see that ornery grin of yours and hear that infectious laugh.  I will see you again someday in heaven! I love you dearly!
ways thinking of you miss you will love you forever ..still have all your things  sleep tight
hinking of you
Thinking of you today - sending a wish for peace, love, light and joy to the world on your behalf.  I miss you always, Mom.
Dear Mom, We're so sad to hear that Uncle Johnny has decided to follow you. We know you'll welcome him with open arms, a VIP tour of the place and tips on where they stash the best donuts and milk. We miss you every day. Love you, Always.
Finally sharing Aunt Alice's tribute with her brothers Tom and Bobby  and sister -in-law Judy-our computer-less  part of the family. Lots of smiles and some tears, too..  I have memories of Aunt Alice visiting us and the dinners, laughs and family stories that would be told..again and again..Pop's store, Kosciuszko St, Walking to school in the snow ( they only lived a few blicks away and some would still be late) What I recall the most  were Aunt Alice's hoilday calls.  The holidays weren't complete til we heard from her Everyone  would get on the phone and say hello and give her a quick update..I know Gram, Dad, Uncle Bob, Aunt Marge and Uncle Johnny would have big smiles after the call. Even though we lived miles apart, Aunt Alice will always have a special spot in our hearts...
I don’t know how to sum up Mom in a few words. She was my best friend. I can’t get my head around holidays that don’t include her singing off key. It was Easter Bonnet for Easter, She’s a Grand Old Flag every 4th of July, and about 10 Christmas songs every year that she knew neither the tune nor the words to. I talked to her every day and she always forgave me for being an idiot and loved me anyway. Mom had plans to be the first General in the USAF and, failing that, was determined to win the Powerball and give everyone in the family a ton of money. No amount of reminding her that she wouldn’t be appreciated one tiny bit more than she already was would dissuade her from buying those tickets. Mom was the best Nonny to her grand and great grandchildren. Often giving up chances to travel and date and play in her retirement to spend time with her family. She always curled her hair and dressed smartly. Sometimes refusing to get in an ambulance until her outfit was matched and the pins were out of her hair. She collected so many things that she loved. She had her dolls and Monet prints and tea cups and anything orange that said Broncos on it. She often talked about Nanticoke and her life there. She so loved her brothers and sister and all of the nieces and nephews, and had pictures of them all on her refrigerator. Sometimes, when she was feeling nostalgic, she would make us all potato pancakes or gawumpkies and I always begged for a piece of poppyseed bread when Uncle Bobby would send it. I know that her childhood was not glamorous, but she made up for it with trips to Vegas and Mazatlán and she loved her jewelry and nice clothes, but she always kept enough back to help her children whenever we struggled. My life will always be poorer without Mom to make me laugh and remind me that I was loved unconditionally, but my life is so much better for having had her as my champion for 55 years. I love you forever Mom.
I also have so many fond memories of my beloved sister, alice.she truly was a most wonderful sister.  your website was excellently done . hope we can keep in touch love, uncle johnny and aunt rosie
As Alice’s son-in-law, I had the honor of knowing her during the last 15 years.  What I observed was a woman who was blessed with many positive attributes.  Living on her own as a single person from age 68 onward can be a character-building experience.  In truth, Alice already owned a strong foundation of positive character traits, that allowed her to flourish during those years.  Alice was a woman of high integrity -  unselfish, honest, and always willing to proudly acknowledge the accomplishments of her children.  She vibrated with a sense of self-worth, knowing and accepting her opinions as her own.  Alice displayed her self-confidence by giving great effort to look and dress well.  Her hair was kept  as a golden blonde color and styled nicely.  Alice always wore outfits, not just clothing, and she looked beautiful and sharp!  Knowing the value of a warm smile, she wore one often.  While leading a humble life, Alice held her chin high and reflected a positive feeling of self-pride. Alice and I shared a love of professional football and I learned a lot about being a true fan from her.  She was an avid supporter of the Denver Broncos for many years.  She recalled watching players going back over 40 years.  Of all the players she admired, she praised Champ Bailey most often.  Champ was a big-play maker, and when he made those all-important interceptions, Alice would jump up and cheer, “Yahoooo!  That was Champ!  Did you see that!”  You’d have thought Champ was her own son she was so proud.  To Alice, there was no football being played, unless it was her precious Broncos on her TV screen.  Yes, she was a true-blue Bronco Orange fan. During the last 10 years or so, Alice and I would watch the Broncos whenever they were on television.  Sometimes I’d be with her at her apartment in Golden, but usually we shared the game together over the telephone.  We’d call each other throughout each game when big plays were made by either team.  And when the Broncos were behind Alice was not a happy camper.  She would fret and decry a player or two – but never the team.  I would attempt to soothe her woeful feelings but to no avail.  But, her joyful attitude was soon restored as her team rebounded and managed to win many games.  She’d say, “I knew they’d win!  I just knew it!  Did you see Champ Bailey make that play?  Wow!”  I will always remember Alice’s winning smile.  She wore it often in life. Alice, I send you Blessings and thank you for being your authentic, loving self throughout your days.  You are loved and appreciated by many.  Now.  Off you go, into your next lifetime.  I’ll be thinking of you during each Bronco game – and shout out an excited, “Yahoooo!” in celebration of your Life.
The day will come when the memory of the person you lost brings a smile to your lip before a tear to your eye — that's when you know you're going to make it." ~Joe Biden
There are so many memories, it would be impossible to write them all down.  However, as I was out trying to do ‘normal’ stuff today, the frigid temps reminded me of when Mom would call after watching CNN to see if the severe weather event they were covering would cause me any trouble. It didn’t matter if the event (storm, fire, traffic, etc., etc., etc.) were hundreds of miles away from me - - she still got worried about me and called to check.  I will miss those crazy, loving calls.   As I sit by the fire watching the NFL wild card game, I wish I could text with mom again.  Even though our teams are out for the season, it was so much fun when mom finally figured out ‘texting’ a couple of years ago.  We would support each other’s teams every Sunday by texting back and forth.  Boy did she love her Broncos!  Ok, in all honesty, she might not have always ‘loved’ them. I’m almost sure she will be giving them coaching advice from above.   So, this candle is lit for my loving and adoring mother.  Mom, I miss you terribly
If each tear is a tribute, I've left a river of them for you already. I miss you so much. I'll love you forever; I'll like you for always; As long as I'm living, my mama you'll be.
You are truly missed. I love you!
Brian you are truly missed and loved. I love and miss you so much.
Frosty from the day i meet you i  knew you were the one  you brougjt so much joy and happiness to my life  i loved you then and i have not stopped loving you there is not one day that you are mot on my mind  i miss you so much  and love you more each day your loving wife
Forever in our heart and minds. We remember your laugh, we remember your smile, we remember the good times. Till we meet again! (7) "God will wipe away every tear from their eyes; there shall be no more death, nor sorrow, nor crying. There shall be no more pain, for the former things have passed away.” — Revelation 21:4.
I miss my nephew dearly. I will always remember his jokes, laugh, smile and most of all his concern for others.
I love and miss you so much
I didn’t know Lonnie or your family but wanted to share some encouraging words with you. It’s never easy to see our loved ones pass away.  We can take comfort in reading 2 Corinthians 1:3, 4 that the God of tender mercies comforts us in all our trials.  Also it’s encouraging to know that one day in the near future the words of  John 5:28, 29 will be fulfilled and there will be a resurrection so we can welcome our loved ones back.  Until that time—deep sympathy—-Julia
My Little Man oh how I miss you sooooo very much. You will always be one of my very best friends and I will never ever forget the memories that we have. I can’t wait to see you again one day, but until then I know you will continue to watch over us all down here. I wish so badly that you could meet Elliana, I know you would love her as much as she would love you! I wonder who you would be today.. ❤️❤️
ISAIAH 40:8 THAT YOU ADMIRED BEFORE TAKING A TEXT  "THE GRASS WITHERS AND FLOWERS FADE AWAY, BUT THE WORD OF GOD ENDURES FOREVER."  YOU ARE INDEED OVER IN GLORY WHERE THE MEADOWS WILL FOREVER BE GREEN AND FRESH FLOWERS EVERYDAY.  HEAVEN GAINED A WONDERFUL PASTOR &amp; A DYNAMIC SINGER.
MAY YOU PASTOR SHAWN JONES REST IN THE ARMS OF JESUS!!! REMEMBERING YOU ON YOUR BIRTHDAY TODAY!!!! HAPPY HEAVENLY BIRTHDAY PASTOR JONES❤❤❤❤❤
Your songs are always on my phone , heart, and TV.
Happy birthday pastor in heaven
Happy birthday to me and Happy Heavenly Birthday to you.
I began listening to the late Shawn Jones in June of 2017. I was going through some personal trials and the songs about Love will and I am depending on you brought me through some dark times. I thank God for him and may you continue to rest in peace. We share a birthday and I will celebrate you as well on March 12. Condolences to his wife and the rest of his family.
Condolences to LEADING LADY JONES AND YOUR CHILDREN. I EXTEND MY CONDOLENCES TO PASTOR JONES MOTHER AS WELL AS THE BELIEVERS AND THE WONDERFUL CHURCH FAMILY OF NTEC. I JUST HAPPENED TO BE ON YOUTUBE LOOKING FOR A WORD TO HEAR AND MY SOUL WAS BLESSED DEARLY WHEN I BEGAN LISTENING TO THE WORD OF GOD FROM A YOUNG MAN OF GOD, THAT WAS TRULY ANOINTED AND APPOINTED TO BRING A WORD TO SAVE SOULS. I HAVE NEVER MET PASTOR JONES BUT THE SOUND OF HIS VOICE AND MESSAGE REACHED OUT TO ME AS IF I HAD KNOWN HIM ALL OF MY LIFE. PASTOR JONES MESSAGES LEFT ME WITH NO CHOICE THE LOVE OF JESUS HAS GOTTEN DOWN IN MY SOUL LIKE NEVER BEFORE AND THERE'S NO WAY I WILL TURN BACK, I MUST ADMIT I FELT ROBBED NOT TO BE ABLE TO SIT IN FELLOWSHIP WITH HIM ON THIS SIDE, BUT WHAT I CAN DO IS CONTINUE TO LISTEN TO HIS WORDS AND LET THAT BE A BLESSING TO MY SOUL. THE PASSAGE OF SCRIPTURE THE GRASS WITHERS AND THE FLOWERS FADE BUT THE WORD GOD STANDS FOREVER.
I have always admired the late pastor Shawn Jones he was a truly gifted man of god i thank god for the gift that he had . There will never be another man like him. Pastor Jones will truly and i mean truly will be dearly missed by everyone who has known him , who has been blessed by his powerful preaching and anointed singing. I hope and pray that his legacy will live on forever in the years to come .
To the family of Pastor Shawn Jones. A year has passed since this wonderful man was called home to be with his Lord and Savior. Although I never had the opportunity to meet or see Shawn in person, I will continue to listen to his powerful preaching and his wonderful singing on You Tube. What a man of God!! Just Amazing. Rest in Heaven Pastor Shawn. You are truly missed . May God continue to Bless your wife Dominica, your 3 kids, your mom, your church family, and last but certainly not least The Believers.
Just learnin of pastor jones but I play worthy everday day beautiful. Song sip Pastor also prayin for ur family in jesus name
Happy Birthday Pastor Shawn Jones. You are spending it in Heaven. I'm sure you, God, and all the angels are rejoicing, singing and having a joyous time. You are and always will be Forever missed here on Earth. Continue to rest in Heaven and Happy 33rd Birthday. May God Bless your wife, kids, the Believers, your family, and also your Church family.
Happy Heavenly Birthday to our Brother,,Pastor Shawn Jones!  May God continues to keep your loving family safe in His arms always ❤️
Happy Birthday to one of God's most powerful messengers that my children and I have been Blessed to have learned the word from.
My sincere condolence. I had never heard this man sing or preach. I just happen to be looking for a song on YouTube and he came up. I have listen to this man of God everyday since especially at work. It fills me with so much love and helps me through the day. I only wished I had been able see him in person. Worthy is he and I'm depending on him in my heart. To God be the Glory for this man of God. Stay strong to his family and to the Believers.
Happy Heavenly Birthday Pastor Shawn M Jones  Great young man of God; that left an amazing impact on this world
God bless your Family and happy Birthday in heaven
Family So sorry, he left such beautiful words and music for us to enjoy
Pastor Shawn Jones you are really miss, Pastor you REST REST REST RIP RIH.
God Bless you and your family. You are truly missed and will always be my pastor. Thank you for the soul food. I am forever changed and a better person because of it. I am Blessed to have joined NTEC three years ago.
Pastor Shawn Jones, you are really miss ,your singing
To God be the Glory. Continued prayers for strength, comfort and peace that surpasses all understanding for Pastor Shawn Jones beautiful wife, children, Mother, New Thing Church Family &amp; the Believers. I never met this great MOG but he has touched my heart thu his singing &amp; preaching. He was such an Anointed young man. I listen to him every single day and tell others every chance I get. God bless you all.
MY PRAYERS ARE WITH YOU DOING THESE HARD TIMES. PASTOR  JONES WAS TRULY A MAN OF GOD AND HIS SING AND PREACHING  HEPLS  ME THRU    TOUGH DAYS WITH OUT  MY FATHER MY GOD CONTINU BLESS YOU AND YOUR CHILDREN
I NEVER GOT THE CHAN E TO HEAR PASTOR JONES IN PERSON. MATTER OF FACT I NEVER HEARD OF THIS AWESOME MOG  TIL  AFTER HIS DEATH. THEN I FOUND HIS MUSIC AND SERMONS ON YOUTUBE  AND OH MY GOD I WAS SO BLESSED. I LISTEN TO THIS MAN PREACH AND SING EVERYDAY!!! TO HIS BEAUTIFUL WIFE AND CHILDREN  IM SO VERY SORRY FOR YOUR LOSS!! YOU ALL ARE IN MY CONTINUE PRAYERS!!! RIH PASTOR JONES
MAY YOU FOREVER REST IN PEACE PASTOR JONES!!! RESTING IN THE ARMS OF JESUS NEVER TO RETURN NO MORE!!!
I am deeply saddened to hear of the loss of your loved one, please accept my condolences during this distressing time. Death affects all who hear of the loss of a loved one. For those left behind we attempt to find comfort to ease the pain. The only comfort though comes from knowing the truth about death. Jesus stated that we "will know the truth and the truth will set us free." (John 8:32) I encourage you to seek the truth about death from the beginning to the end in your personal copy of the Bible. By doing so you will discover a sure promise by our Creator that will ease the pain of death. (Genesis 2:15-17; Ecclesiastes 9:5; John 5:25 and Revelation 21:3,4) It is my hope your family finds the strength that will help you endure in the days ahead.
To Pastor Shawn Jones and childeren Im so sorry for ur loss. I pray for ya .  Shawn will be mist. I really belive ahawn is resting with Jesus
To the Family of Pastor Shawn Jones I want to Thank You for sharing your Husband, Father, Pastor, Son, The Believers with me.  I really truly love his songs and I will continue to Paray that God will Strengthen you today and from the days to come. I too have been down that path with the loss of my husband.  I know that God will give you Strength.
To the Family of Late Pastor Shawn Jones. I am so sorry for your loss. I wish I could had been his in one of his services. I have been listen to his music everyday. When ever you start missing hearing his voice just go on youtube. May God bless you and the family
I didn't have the pleasure to follow Pastor Jones' ministry while he was alive, but it has blessed me. I heard of him 2 days after his passing. God has definitely called home one of His greatest. I am praying for the family. One of the beauties of it all is that his legacy will live on for a long time to come. It will also change lives of those that are exposed to his sermons and singing. May God bless and keep you. "
So sorry to here about the passing of pastor Jones. I heard Pastor Jones  for the first time two weeks ago. Went back the second week kept seeing a end year, I thought that I misspelled his name. Well then I sadly realized that pastor Jones has passed away. My hubby and I really hated to hear such sad news. I know that God knows what he was doing. So many of pastor Shawn sermons and songs BLESSED my soul. "Depending on you" lawd have mercy. Praying for pastor Shawn Beautiful Wife Mother And THE Children.
To the Jones Family: I pray that the peace of God surrounds and comforts you in your time of bereavement.  Thank you for allowing Pastor Shawn Jones to share his gift with the entire world. I was deeply impacted by his ministry &amp; song. He will forever be in our hearts.   God bless you, Jessica Jordan, Charlotte, NC
It never amaze me the Power of God he gave us Pastor Shawn Jones to us 32 years ago a quartet icon that was on the beginning of his minsteries to Gods people, We need to Thank God out of our mouth every second of the day.Because it could have been me. Lord touch the Jones family in a mighty powerful way his children especially because they road model that was so very positive and a hard worker for Gods kingdom. GONE TOO SOON REST WELL IN HEAVEN SHAWN, GOD DONT MAKE MISTAKES HE LOVE US THE SAME WHEN WE FILLED OUT OUR APPLICATION FOR GOD TO INTAKE OUR CHRISTIAN EXPERENCE HE DID NOT HESTITATE GOD SAID SHAWN YOU ARE SAVE BY MY GRACE, JESUS DROP THE CHARGES,,,,AND THE REST IS HISTORY .
Giving Honor to God for the Life of Pastor Shawn Jones, To First Lady Jones, their Children, his Mother, his Family, the Believers, and his Church.  We want you all to know that our hearts are sad, but we pray that God's Love comfort you in this time. Just remember that you are never alone!!! With our Love, Pastor Charles &amp; First Lady Chambers and The True Faith Missionary Baptist Church Nashville, Tn.
Just sending my prayers and condolences to the family of Pastor Shawn Jones may you find strength in God and keep the faith knowing you will see him again.  I just want the family to know that Pastor Jones touched my life in so many ways.  I loved his singing but was even more Blessed  when I was going thru some things in my life and found him on you tube Preaching.  Many late nights thru my tears I found Joy and strength to help me thru the night by his preaching on you tube.  True Man of God he will certainly be missed.. RIP Pastor Shawn Jones.
My heart goes out the family of Pastor Shawn Jones and to The Believers. I've never met Pastor Jones personally, but communicated with him through Facebook.  This man of God helped me through a rough time in my life when I was ready to end it all. He did not know me, but he encouraged me and his ministry blessed my life. I will continue to listen to his sermons and performances everyday as I normally do. God knows I will miss this man of God.  Will be praying for the strength of all who loved and was impacted by this Man of God. Thank you Pastor Jones for sharing your gift with the world.
Neoma Roberts and Company Miss You From Mississippi Love You Pastor Shawn Jones "When I Leave This World, To Return No More"
May the Lord blessed the family with peace. One thing you can always remember Pastor Shawn went to heaven singing on the heavenly choir.  Minister Teresa Ford- Prayer Makes a Difference Ministry
May the peace of God be with the lady Jones and children.  Pastor Shawn  has cross over to  glory and  is singing on the heavenly choir praising the Lord with the angels.  He has fought a good fight he has ran his race and made it to the finished line. God Blessed! Minister Teresa Ford- Prayer Makes a Difference Ministry San Antonio, Texas
You will be missed Rev. Shawn it was an honor to have heard you sang. You really blessed my heart. With many blessings my dear son REST EASY. May God continue to bless your family. Janice Spencer.....Smith station Ala
Rest in Heaven as your Legacy continues to Live on through your gospel music and ministry. May God continues to strengthen Jones Family during this time.
I WILL FOREVER BE GRATEFUL FOR YOUR MUSIC, LEGACY AND FRIENDSHIP! I SAY FAREWELL MY FRIEND, TAKE YOUR REST WE ALL LOVE YOU, BUT GOD LOVED YOU BEST!!! SLEEP IN HEAVENLY PEACE~
I did not have the honor of getting to see you are to know you from listening to you on facebook  was a joy .to the family may the peace and understanding of our lord and jesus Christ  be with you and to his church family keep on praising the lord ,there is power in the name of jesus and he knew it.
To Lady Jones and the Jones children, I want to send love and hugs your way. I just found out about the life of your husband and father on last week. He has left an impact on me and I never knew him in life. I pray God's peace for you for now and always.  Philadelphia, PA
To the Family and all that are connected to Pastor Shawn Jones by way of ministry or music. I would like to extend my deepest condolences  to you . I had the opportunity to hear this champion of the gospel in October in Fayetteville NC. I immediately knew that he was serious about the work  of the Lord. He will be missed but the impression he made will last forever.
My family and I have followed Dr. Jones for some years now.  His countless sermons always blessed us in more ways than one!  We finally got the opportunity to physically hear him just last month during a 2 night revival, and it was PHENOMENAL!!  Our sincere condolences are with his his wife, kids, mom, church family, the Believers, and everyone that he was connected to.  Our thoughts and prayers are with you all today and all the days ahead. He will be missed, but his impression and impact will forever be remembered!  Thomaston, GA
Praying for the Family! Rev. Dr. William A. Keen &amp; Lady Shirby Keen
To lady jones and children, mother and The jones families, and to the New Church Families and also to the Pastor Shawn Jones Believe brothers.. I'm praying for you all my condolences to all of you. Im praying that God will strengthen you all in do time .Pastor Shawn Jones Family will alway remain in my heart ❤️ Be encouraged weary may do for night . But joy will come soon
Sending our condolences to the First Lady Jones, children's, mother, church family &amp; friends, truly it was an honor to meet such a powerful young man in his music ministry...he will truly be missed just know God loves him best. RIP Pastor Jones! Erwin, NC
Praying for the family and friends. Pastor Jones will always be in our hearts.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Pastor Shawn Jones.   I, Pastor Percy J. Clark and the Mt. Calvary M.B. Church 2448 Herman St. in Nashville, TN sends our prayers, our condolences&lt; and our deepest sympathy.   Pastor Jones sang at my church several times and I know he will sing in the Heavenly Choir, Worthy Is He. I am unable to attend his home going services because of current health problems, otherwise I would have been there.   Always remember that " Earth holds No Sorrow that Heaven cannot Heal, continue looking up and holding on to Gods Hand." We will continue to pray for his wife, children, mother, his group The Believers and his church family.  Pastor Percy J Clark, Mt. Calvary M.B. Church
Yellow Rose: Throughout history, yellow has been closely associated with the sun. Yellow roses send a message representing feelings of warmth, appreciation, love, joy and delight. That’s Sharon!!   From Gary &amp; Judy Colby
Sharon loved Jesus.What a wonderful Christian lady.Prayers for the Jones family.
Sharon was such a special person and friend to me. These are the things I will miss...the infectious of her laughter, the sweetness of her personality,  the power of her prayers and the amazing beauty of her voice.  My friend I have just one last request of you, when I get to heaven please welcome me singing "worthy is the lamb".
Blessed beyond belief to have shared in Sharon's life.  She was my dear friend and sister in Christ.  I will forever miss our talks, our adventures, the tears, the laughter, and her beautiful voice. Much love and prayers.
Calling Cornerstone was ALWAYS a joy when Sharon was answering!  She always made me laugh and brightened my day!  Michele and I were blessed to serve along side of Sharon and Steve as true teammates in ministry.  Worship was always fun and uplifting with Sharon on the team - whether it was for Pioneer Clubs or Cornerstone Live on Thursday's.  She was so encouraging to the Killer B's and treated all of us like her own.  So grateful to have known her and serve with her.  We loved her dearly.  She is missed on so many fronts.  The Harshbarger's
Steve, Shannon, Eric, &amp; Gwen, thank you for sharing your wife and mother with me.
My deepest  condolences to the Jones family , I have heard some great stories about Sharon, always know she will always be right next to you singing and laughing. Sending light loive and peace
I will always remember Sharons beautiful voice! My absolute favorite song she sang was PottersHand! I will miss our hugs, laughs and talks! Love you so much Jones family! Always and forever in my heart and prayers!
I am the luckiest man in the world. I had a mom that loved and cared for me. Mom was always there if I needed to be put in check or just to sit next to you and make you laugh if you had a bad day.  Every birthday since I moved away she would call me on my birthday and sing happy birthday, always in the goofiest way possible. I got my sense of humor from her. In the last couple years when she couple years I would call, she could barely use the phone, but my goal was to here her giggle, even if it I had to make jokes about her losing her mind.  The best part about this terrible situation is that I know my mom is no longer suffering. That pain I am feeling I will gladly carry, for her to be at peace.  I am proud to say that this woman was my mother.  I love you Momma!!!
Moma, you taught me everything I know, except for how to live without you, you are truly very missed by a lot of people, but none as much as me. I love you forever
My dear son I miss you more by the day, and I don't know how to go on without you. You are so loved and missed. I await the day I can be with you again. You were so special to me, I understand why you were needed to higher purposes but it doesn't help my pain from losing you.
Here I am 2nd year without you. Happy Born day. I love you more than words can say.I know you enjoying your mansion. Tell God i want to be next to you when i get thete. You will always my big brother. You taught me many things. Thanks for life lessons. You will be forever in my ❤
Im always thinking of you. There will never be a day without you in my heart and mind big brother. Keep looking down on your family and friends and smile that special smile of yours ask the Lord to keep us safe. I love you always and forever. Your sis Kathy Porter Washington❤❤
Happy blessed birthday  big brother.  You  are celebrating  with the Jesus and tje Angels.  I will be celebrating with you in spirit I love you your  little  sis Kathy Porter Washington
Condolences to cousin Teresa, cousin Shauna and Family. Always remember memories of the heart never fade.  Love, Cousin Tracey Justice-Hood  Fayetteville, GA
Johnnie you were more than a friend.  You were my brother.  We had good times. I will forever love and remember you. You helped me with my faith. We both came a long way in life because of our love of Jesus. Im so glad God brought us together. I will see you again. Love you your sis Kathy
My Condolences to the family.  I will truly miss the big smile, funny stories and wisdom. Keysher
Johnny was an amazing part of my childhood. I will always remember what a positive influence he had on me as a coach, role model, and friend. Some of my favorite memories playing baseball was with him as a coach. Always positive and kind hearted he inspired me to be a better person. He will be truly missed and I am so thankful for all of the years I was lucky enough to know him. Rest easy my friend. My deepest condolence to all of Johnny's family and friends.
Sending my love to you Teresa, Jamondre and Family. Remembering the gatherings and hospitality you all showed us when we moved to Colorado because of your "Sista" Kathy P. Continued prayers and always remember in times like these, God will comfort and keep you in perfect Peace as long as you trust him. R. I. P. Johnnie until we meet again
My Condolences to the Family. Johnnie you were a great friend.  I remember the good Ole days You, Teressa, myself, our homeboy Mack, we all use to go to JA(Junior Achievement) together.Matter of fact that's when you and Teressa started dating. So many good Memories. RI.H.P My Brother. You will truly be missed, but never forgotten. My God Bless each of you family!
Johnny. I thank God for you and you have been a great brother-in-law. Julius would always hand the telephone to me and you and I would talk for a while.  I know we will meet again one day.  I love and miss you so much, but God had better plans for you.  Love you.  Your sister-in-law.  Gloria Jones
We had some good times and I miss you already. I love you forever and ever. Love Faye Baby
It was a honor to get to meet you uncle Johnnie. I only knew you for a short time, however you made a huge impact to Frank and I.  You will forever be in our hearts and memories.....thank you for the time spent on the Family vacation, i shall always cherish it..    Love Frank &amp; Carrie
Thank you Johnnie for being my best friend and little brother, when I needed you the most you were there for me and my family, and I will never forget you for that, we have share a lot  of wonderful  times in this life, I  will miss my little brother and golf partner, will  LOVE YOU ALWAYS !!!!!  Brother and Deb
I can't express how much I'm missing you. I'm so blessed that God put you in my life as the greatest uncle of all time. I love you Junebug. Sister
People come in and out of your life,  not realizing their influence.  I  specifically remember him taking me around Denver, just me and him,  telling me where NOT TO GO, and where he did not want to find me.  Second,  he welcomed me in his home.  It was comforting to know he cared that much.  I still smile about that.  But with these many years,  we still spoke.  I know what a difference he has made in my daughter's life,  and watching others show a great love towards him.  His laugh and smile was a treasure.  May he rest in peace and watch over those he loved.
I love you "Finch" I will miss you very very very much. You will never be forgotten. The bestest uncle ever. Thanks for always being there for me Every time I have ever needed you, and for the great words you gave me. I love you forever. Peace out "Daddy Cool".  From your Finch.
Johnnie and Teressa have been my neighbors for almost 30 years!  We all have had some great BBQ's and times together.  May you rest in peace my friend.  Debbie
You have left a huge hole in my heart, but I am so excited about where you went.  See you later! Love,  Big Sister Carolyn Ann
Thank you Daddy for always being a bright light in my life. I know that you loved God, had strong faith and are in heaven.  You will be missed and will live forever in my heart.  I love you,  Shauna
Aunt Iva and Uncle Carlos,  Michele, Allison and I would like to convey our deepest sympathies to you and your family at this time of your loss. We extend our hearts to you in this time of sorrow.  Faye was a wonderful person, daughter and mother, I enjoyed the conversations I got to share with her during our visits to your family. Know that my parents and  I will miss her as your family does.  She is watching over and in peace with the lord now, enjoy the memories you all shared over her life.   Cherish those memories as you move forward in life, knowing she will once again be with you.   Love always Michele,Allison,Lee, and the entire Davis family
So very sorry for your loss. We know that to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. We feel that Dea. Jones is present with the Lord. He was a fine man and a friend to many. He will be missed. May God comfort you all during this difficult time. Deacon Dwight Harris and Family
Please accept my sincere condolences for the loss of your dear loved one, Mr Jones. God's Word the Bible offers the wonderful hope of seeing him again at Acts 24:15 and John 5:28,29.  When all sickness and every type of suffering, even death will all be completely wiped away. (Isaiah 33:24; Revelations 21:3,4 and Psalms 37:9-11,29) Jesus words at Matthew 5:5 assures us that mild-tempered people will live on the earth forever
Our condolences go out to the Jones family (wife Betty &amp; son Darryl). May God Bless and watch over you during your loss.  As God says "For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor powers, nor things present nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord" Romans 8:38 From Shirley Sturgis &amp; family
Thinking of you all during this time. I am so very sad to hear of the passing of Mr. Jones. It was my pleasure to work with him during his time at Northside Medical Center. He was a very special man, always interesting to talk to and he and Mrs. Betty kept me laughing! Praying for you all.  With Love, Kristen, Occupational Therapist @ NMC
May God love and care comfort you both Betty and Darryl during this time of bereavement. Walter was a cousin that we greatly admired and look up to. We leave this poem as a tribute to his life in Jesus Christ.  Freddie &amp; Alice Cunningham I Have a Place in Heaven  I have a place in heaven  Please don't sing sad songs for me,  Forget your grief and fears,  For I am in a perfect place  Away from pain and tears.  It's far away from hunger  And hurt and want and pride,  I have a place in Heaven  With the Master at my side.  My life on earth was very good,  As earthly life can go,  But Paradise is so much more  Than anyone can know.  My heart is filled with happiness  And sweet rejoicing, too.  To walk with God is perfect peace,  A joy forever new.  Just remember I have a place in heaven, I’ll be waiting to meet you there. Until we meet again I leave you  In the hands of the Almighty God. –Author Unknown
God blessings be with both of you Betty and Darryl. Walter will surly be missed by all of us. He would and every one else would call me "Head" and we had that kind of loved each other. Walter was a very good basketball player for Carver High School from 1953-1955.
My deepest sympathy to the family and friends for your loss, Walter. Those who have had passed on are in God's memory because they are precious in his eyes. Psalm 116:15.
Juju I miss you!!!!!
It's your heavenly birthday!!!!!!! I know your grandparents and cousins are celebrating with you. I miss you so much Juju. This is not how I imagined spending the rest of my life with you. I know you're ok but it hurts so had to not be able to love on you daily. I'm not going to cry as much today cause it's your day baby boy. Again happy birthday. I love you!!!
It's almost your 1st heavenly birthday Juju!!! Oh how I wish you were here with us celebrating. Don't think Mommy forgot about you baby boy because you have a baby sister now. You will forever be in my heart and on my mind. I love you Jamir JaKobi!! Kisses from us all!!
AWWW TT's baby! I love you sooo much!
I love you Kobi!
Your forever goin to be missed baby boy Jamir Jakobi Jones aka Kobi . Daddy loves u
I miss you baby boy! I love you forever and always!!
FOREVER MISSED GONE BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
MISSING YOU LIKW CRAZY!
Enjoy heaven I hear its awesome.
Enjoy heaven sweet lady I hear its amazing.
Gone to soon Sis. Jackie will be forever missed.She was one of a kind and loved by so many. An amazing MOM and GRANDMOTHER.Had love for people. Never a dull moment around her lol if she was awake.Her biggest thing was antiques and loved collecting arrowheads. And didnt matter what it was if it needed fixing she would fix it. The evening Jackie collapsed and and found by a neighbor she was slumped over working on her lawnmower. Jackie R.I.P. and know there will be no more sickness in your body. We allll love you
Jackie was one of the most kind and giving people you would ever meet. She always had a story to tell and would give you the shirt off her back. She always made us laugh and she loved her family with all of her being. I'm so very thankful for all the memories we have of and with her. We love you very much and will miss you every day!!
I wish I could tell you that I loved you but it is now too late. Hopefully you new that I did. Always have. Ever had problems? yes, but that's just life. You go on. I am so happy you and Christy made amends. I could tell you were so happy at Christmas and seeing your posts on Facebook. You were so proud of your family. I am glad you didn't go thru months and years of sickness. You were happy! Thank you God for that blessing! I will always love you and I will miss you. ♥️
Well Julius we now have 10 grandkids together they all have a little bit of you in them and we're going to make sure we keep you alive in their hearts and minds we miss you man
We miss your crazy ass
Happy birthday little sister I miss you every day .I will see you again someday.love you always
You are and will always be a bright light to those who knew you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMMA I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU SO MUCH LOVE IT NEVER GETS EAZYER RIP OLD LADY 52
Miss u
I love you mommy happy mother's day not a day goes by that I don't cry cuz I need you and love you lady you are truly my heart rip babe hope I get to see you again
Dad,  I know you'll be with us in spirit for this journey, I only wish you could be here in person! I'm so excited to be taking the kids on their first cruise, the same way you introduced us to it. I miss you still every single day of my life. I always will. Until we meet again... I love you, forever.
I had the pleasure of working with your dad at ABF Freight he always a great guy to be around going to be dearly missed by family and friends . love you all Steve Gregory
My thoughts and prayers for Jack, his family. friends and the Villages family.  He is a person of character, humor, love and caring.  His earth presence has transitioned, but his spirit will be with us forever.
Will be missed by all of our Village of Mallory Square and many other in many other Villages.May he rest in peace.Jack was a pleasure in our lives and our hearts. Love to you and Elin. Bud and Kay.
Happy Birthday baby❤️ I love and miss you dearly
Forever missed
Missing you more than words could ever say .... my heart will never be full until we're together again

Wolf's friendship was a blessing to me.  From the day that I first met him at the tattoo shop next to Baylor University 'till the day he died we remained friends.  I still remember his firm handshakes and his greeting, "Hey My Brother".  I am so grateful that he met you, Lori.  You were his world.
You'll always be in my ❤️ heart . My kindred spirit my best friend my one true love. I miss you baby
Always on my mind forever in my heart ❤️
Hey baby oh how I wish that I could hear your voice how I wish that I could hear you say hey midget when I think about you son I smile because I see I see your smile and your smile is so much like your mom i smile when I look at my mouth I think about you cuz your mouth was made like my mouth and you had the most prettiest smile and you had such happy laughter,  I know you had some problems and I know that you were recovering from  them . I just thank God that I had the time to speak to you before you left I had the opportunity to hear you say Mom I'm just calling to say I love you that meant so much to me when I think about it now those are the words that ring in my ears when I think about you and I think about your smile I think about those crazy jokes that you used to tell not really jokes but just funny things that you would say that would just have me on the floor and I remember the times even though you were a grown man I could still hug on you and  rub your head and just hold you in my arms I miss that I miss that I miss you baby I miss you so much I wish you were here. It was a rough 2 weeks because we remember it was exactly on the 12th when I was communicating with you and sending you scriptures and ministering to you don't go up on that Hill you were so concerned about your friend and you said I think you went up on the hill and I said please don't go up there I said because I don't know what I would do if something happened to you you said I'm not going up there mama I promise I don't know if that was the heal that you was at I don't know if that was the place and I have a whole bunch of I wish I would have especially when I know that I believe God that if I if I ask him to bring you back to put life in your body that he would do that and I didn't pursue that and for that I'm sorry but anyway baby I love you and I miss you I miss you so much rest in peace my baby.
I miss you
I miss you son  every day and there is not a day that goes by that I don't crave for your presence.  MY heart still gets very heavy, it hurts very deeply because you were taken from me. I Im trying to understand how this could happen and I don't blame God that this happened to you I don't know how to explain it but I'm sure I'll   understand it in the by n by I know God loved you still loves you because your spirit still lives on. I still love you and I miss you so much I miss you so much and I'm sure you already know your murderer was murdered .Sometimes I wonder if I had prayed for Mercy for him if he could still be here and face his day in court, so that  I could have better closure,  he took you from me I prayed and I told the Lord that if he turned himself in that I would pray for Mercy and if he doesn't then I won't pray for Mercy. So the Lord didn't give him Mercy. It is not about him. It is about you you're good song you were a sweetheart and I thank God that he put you in my life for whatever time he gave me with you. I give God the glory and I love you son rip
My son I thought it was going to be easier by now knowing that you're gone , it's  hard for me to put in words how I'm really feeling right now. I just know that I'm still  hurting and I miss you so very much. I have my days and I look at you and I smile and I think about all the things good things good memories that took place in your life and mine and then on days like this I heart aches and miss you so much and I just wish I could just here one word from you and tell you that I love you. I Love you babe. mom
Son it was about this time last month and I  actually felt like I was losing my mind when I got the news on the 1st of last month that you were gone away that someone took your life. God I thought I would die I felt like I could not get my breath and then I did and then I wanted the nightmare to end I wanted to wake up and to find that it was all a bad dream but it was true you're gone and you're gone forever from me. Thank God for the comfort that he gave me in knowing that you're in heaven with him and that he answered my prayer and sent ministering angels to minister to you as you were leaving this world and that you're okay that you made conversation with him and made things right before you left this world that's the only way I was able to give you up the only way. So one day we will see each other again and hold each other and you'll get to call me midget and I'll smile and my heart will be complete again because I will be able to hug you and see that beautiful smile and pretty eyes that you had and be able to hold you in my arms again forever. I love you baby and I miss you so much until we meet again by baby
My sweet sweet baby it's hard for me now to put it in words how I'm feeling I feel  such a great lost a lost  so deep that it's unexplainable. The comfort is that you are with my Lord and that he sent his ministering angels to minister to you at your last minutes and that you prayed to our father.  That gives me Comfort, but I still have this deep deep void in my heart.  I heard your voice today on a recording at  Christmas time and my heart sank realizing that I would never hear that voice again in real time. It hurts so deep I love you baby.  From the very first time I saw you when you were born I knew you were special, special to me special to your dad and above all special to  Our Father in heaven and I know now he's holding you  now, and I  know you're looking down on me now with compassion​ and saying mom I'm okay I'm alright. I I love you baby and I will see you again God bless you baby.
DJ was a beautiful person inside and outside. He is still my brother and I loved him dearly. He will live in my heart forever. I miss him so much already. Just the thought of him never calling me again breaks my heart even the more. But God comforts me even now because I know I will see him again
Happy birthday in heaven Granny!!! I miss and love you so much!!!!
Miss you more and more everyday Granny!!!  Always and forever in my heart!!! Love you Granny Barbara Kay
A year has come and gone and it hasn't gotten any easier missing you.  Always and forever in my hear!!!. I love and miss you so very much granny!!!!
I miss and love you so much Granny
Always on my mind. I miss you so much granny
Miss her so much.  Always want to call her number and here her say "Hi duuuuu"  Love u grandma
Granny....  There's not many things I can say just know.i wish I was there to say my good bye to u but I couldn't granny I couldn't bare to know the women I grew to.love the women who TOLD ME   DO WHAT U FEEL IS RITE FOE UR SON.... N U TOLD ME CHANGE HIS LAST NAME HE IS NOT A JONES HE IS A SCHNEIDER....  I'll always carry that with me..... I'll always carry n my heart how u made my night gowns growing up..... I love u
TO MY DECEASED HUSBAND ULYSSES PETE JONES
Wow Mother its been 26 yrs and I still miss you as much today as I did the day the lord took you home ! Your life was cut so short at the age of 54 but I wouldnt have it any other way. I seen you in so much pain and I wouldnt want you back just to make me feel better! But I do wish you could have seen all of your Grandchildren Jeremy has a boy that looks like Charles . Roxi has twins that remind me of Greg &amp; Charles! Kayla has two girls that I love with all my heart! Mother rest in peace we all Love you! Your daughter Tina
Mother not a day goes by that I don't think of you and miss you ! I wish so much that your life wasn't cut so short with that nasty cancer and you could have seen your two great granddaughters that I'm raising and they are beautiful and your two great twin grandsons that you would have had a fit over Mother they are precious the look like Charles &amp; Greg!! Don't know if that's good or bad no that is good!! Lol Mother fly high no pain !!I Love and miss you !! Your daughter Tina Riddle
Maddox IS one of the happiness little guys I have ever known. His amazingly beautiful smile and his love was felt by all who met him. I'm just sorry no one saw your pain until it was to late..... If truly is a heaven I know we will meet again. You are now an angel of gods. Its not forever its see yah later
I miss you daily.
Monday, October 01, 2012 Sarah, Thanks to you and Brice for providing a safe, engaging place for young and old to play games together. My son Nathan is still an avid gamer, stopping by the store whenever he is in town as well as supporting local gaming shops where ever he goes. Brice and North Star had a big impact in many kids lives, especially during the difficult middle school years. Thank you. Our family will miss Brice. ~  sarah mcclure, walla walla, Washington
Saturday, September 22, 2012 My visits to Walla Walla will be sadder now. But thanks to Brice, my memories will always be happier. ~  Jason Drake, Clarkston, Washington
Saturday, September 22, 2012 Brice, I always enjoyed visiting with you at your shop, as well as the many hours of gameing we spent there over the years. you will be missed. ~  Robert Drake, Walla Walla, Washington
Tuesday, September 18, 2012 Brice, I will most remember you for your positive spirit and power to endure. You are an example to us all. I will miss you my friend. What a joy to read how you touched the lives of young ones and made such a positive impact in thier lives. ~  Garry Gorsuch, Kennewick, Washington Contact Me
Monday, September 17, 2012 Brice, Rick and I enjoyed coming into your shop, you always had a smile on and such a nice person...You will be truly missed my friend. ~  Clara Suchodolski, Dayton, Washington
Monday, September 17, 2012 Brice, I always enjoyed our conversations when I came into the shop. I've been a customer ever since it first opened and I was a little kid. Through all those years we've had some great conversations and I have fond memories because of Northstar. I no longer live in Walla Walla, but I always stop into the shop whenever I'm in town. Thank you. ~  Colby Park, Spokane, Washington
Monday, September 17, 2012 Brice always had a positive attitude. Always a ready smile and a laugh. A kind soul. Thank you, Brice, for bringing such peace to so many lives. ~  Teri Durfee, Milton Freewater, Oregon
Sunday, September 16, 2012 A great man who opened a place kids could go and offered things like comics and games no where else could in Walla Walla. I still remember buying Star Wars cards and many comics all the time. Thank you Brice, you will be truly missed. ~  Charlie Kelly, Walla Walla, Washington
This is one of hardest and worst day of my life because this is day he was taken away from us. I can’t even begin to explain all my feelings because they are all over the place. I love and miss my son so much.
My Condlences to the family May God be with you all doing this time of bereavement .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM!!!! I LOVE AND I MISS YOU.
Mom words can't begin to describe the type of mother, grandmother, great grandmother, and great great grandmother you were to us. You loved us unconditionally. You were always their for us, when we needed you. I miss you so much. I cry for you everyday. You were my best friend. I took your love, and your life for granted. I'm so lost without you. I LOVE YOU "MY GOLDEN GIRL." REST WELL MOM. until we see each other again.
Selena and family, Charlie and I are very saddened by the sudden loss of "JJ" Jones. He had a personality that none who knew him would ever forget. We all look forward to the fulfillment of Revelations 21:4. You all are in our prayers.
Happy Birthday in Heaven my Darling Precious Husband All my love forevermore until we meet again Diane and licks from Skip
I changed that picture they had up that was the wrong picture this is my baby.
We grew up childhood friends one of my best friends, AJ was a good dude with a good heart he always had a lively energy ,I remember we used to play the game all day or be outside chilling with friends (playing and laughing)... He'll be missed by family n friends most definitely,just heard he had a daughter hopfully she gets to know that father was great guy,rest in heaven brother P.s: It would be good if we could change that picture (or add another one) because that's not my dude
You were my 2nd daughter,we had a lot of good times together you gave me 2beautiful grandchildren, 3 great grandchildren,Eli, Lainey &amp;melodythank you for these precious gifts.you are sadly missed by your mom's family &amp;children Rest In Peace my darling daughter .with all my love hugs &amp;kisses
Our Beloved Mom/Greyma, You remain FOREVER in our Hearts. All Of Our Love for you is Eternal. My B.F.F. ❤️
I love you so much. There isn't a second that u are not on my mind   You held and will always hold a special place in my heart.  I wish I could just talk to you one time. But I kmow your in a better place. I love you.  Best friends forever.
My neighbor, friend, fellow scientist--a very fine man. Robin you are sorely missed.
Nikki Delse visited EPRI Palo Alto this past Friday and came by my office. We reminisced about Robin. Then I received an email from Forever Missed that it was Robin's birthday Friday. Happy coincidence!
Robin was a good friend, excellent scientist, and fast runner. We will all miss him and remember the good times we had.
Jackie and I always enjoyed our running together with Anne and you in the Corporate Cup and in Los Altos and San Francisco group team activities. You were a special link over the years.
I had the opportunity to work with or around Robin for many years at EPRI. He carried with him a sense of respect, integrity and decency that made him simply a superb human being to be around. Ric Rudman's words perhaps captured best all of sense of Robin not just as a professional and colleague, but as a person.  Ric also captured one attribute of Robin that all of us will remember forever: his incredibly warm and welcoming smile - the same smile we see captured in the photographs on this site. Thank you for them, and thank you Ric, for so simply and perfectly capturing this fine, fine man.
Lovely memories of Robin shared here, a dear friend and colleague.  I'll always remember him for being a caring and insightful manager of his remarkable team at EPRI.  Truly forever missed.  A man of deep values and consummate skills.  We need him and so many more like him to help us deal with an often turbulent and concerning world.
Robin hired me into EPRI in November 2003, within a year of my PhD.  His office was a few doors down from mine, although he was the Vice President of R&amp;D at time time. One evening, when we were both working somewhat late, he called me into his office to discuss the Alloy 600 crack growth disposition curve on which he and John Hickling were working. The aggregate data was scattershot, spanning more than two orders of magnitude. "We are working with the best researchers in the world," he shook his head, "there must be something that we are not seeing"... When I received the invitation for his memorial, my mind flashed back to that conversation. I realized that I have been asking that question, in the context of my own work, ever since. Much of my work have focused on the application of atom probe tomography (APT) to complement transmission electron microscopy (TEM). I and some others who work on materials of the light-water-reactor primary systems are realizing that TEM was not showing us all that there was to see and that APT is providing important new observations  Robin was right.
From Ric Rudman - Today, during my morning walk, I thought of Robin and I want to share those thoughts with you. Robin and I worked together in various capacities for 25 years at EPRI. Three words come to mind when I think of him – collaborative, kind and wise. Robin had collaboration embedded in his DNA – he embodied EPRI’s business model. As a result, he worked very effectively with both our staff and our utility members. He was respected by everyone as an honest broker. I honestly think that was the secret of his management success. Robin was kind. He had a gentle soul and treated everyone with respect. He genuinely liked people and engaged them with his infectious smile.  Robin was wise. He had a deep understanding of people, technology and the issues facing the electric utility industry. As a result, he knew how to craft thoughtful solutions that worked in the real world – a skill that served him well throughout his EPRI career. We will all miss Robin, especially his warm, sweet smile.
I had the privilege of working for Robin for a number of years at EPRI. He was an example for all of us. In addition to his obvious technical knowledge, he was always good-natured and supportive. I learned a lot from him, and he will remain one of the lights that shined during my working career.
Soon after Robin and Anne moved into the house across the street from us--how long ago, 25 years or so--we became friends and over the years enjoyed sharing a glass of wine, a dinner, a backyard BBQ and other social occasions that were very special. Since Jym is a physicist, he and Robin sometimes had meaningful scientific/technical discussions, but really we just enjoyed  and appreciated the wonderful couple that Robin and Anne were. We especially want to acknowledge the strength of Robin's intellectual and moral commitment when he decided to share openly with others his experience as dementia took him away from us. His is an example that we can all aspire to follow. Rest well Robin. Jym and Judy Clendenin
From Raj Pathania - Robin hired me at EPRI and I had the good fortune of working for him for many years. I will always remember his sensitivity, kindness and encouragement to me over the years. He combined a deep technical knowledge with empathy for those who worked with him. I am glad that I met him. Your family is in our thoughts and prayers.
From Mike Miller - I was so saddened to learn of Robin's passing. He will always be one of my favorite EPRI people.
From John and Sadie Meakin - We have lost a valued friend and colleague.  Our thoughts are with you.
From Norris Harota - Robin served as an extraordinary leader at EPRI, and a mentor to me and many others. However, my fondest memories of Robin were created through the friendship we forged as teammates on EPRI's Championship Corporate Cup team. Please know that he is in my thoughts.
Robin Jones -- a fine man, an accomplished scientist and a good boss.  Surely a pleasure to know and work with.
To my dear brother rude love . I know you are with me everyday of my life because I can feel you in my heart and still on earth . I can not and will not ever forget you !! What I wouldn’t give to hear that fabulous funny laughter again just one more time . I miss your face my dear sweet brother!! Until we see each other again keep taking care of me and the family and  guiding  Us through this life .. I love you forever!!!! ❤️❤️ Your sister Sherall Jones !!
Hey uncle Val ,u will be missed I am happy that I got to spend the wonderful times we had together as a family ur laughter ur smile ur beautiful spirit will be missed but never forgotten we love u forever and always may u Rest In Peace ❤️
Ha
Happy  birthday llittle brother i love and miss you a liot boy you wouldnt understand im lost sometime but i get through
Happy Heavenly Birthday Duane!! Loving and missing you and your presence.
Duane!!!! Hey big head! I miss you down here. Wishing I could talk to you or even text you. I miss getting those calls to pick you up from the airport, just knowing we gone be up all night talking and reminiscing. Until we both fall asleep then I have to kick you cause you're snoring like a freight train. Lol  I just want you to know that I haven't forgot about you; I love you and think about you all the time!  I know you're watching over us; so until we meet again... I LOVE YOU ALWAYS!
Duane still missing you forever...see you in the next life...love you always❤❤
Duane you were such a sweet person. We wouldn't see each other for long periods of time but when the family got together you would have thought I seen you everyday.The first thing you would always do was tease me about my love for granola bars and then start laughing. You are truly missed and forever loved.
I miss you bruh, keeping it lit until we partying once again
Hey nephew....Gone too soon, but I guess the Lord needed you. Will miss and love you Forever...
I can write a book full of funny crazy memories shared with Duane.  I miss my cousin so much.  He will forever live on within his family and especially his son!
Happy birthday godmother u are forever missed for sure
Words can't explain the woman u are loving caring sweet special my godmother I never imagine life without you but 14 years of hard work trying I still can't let go till we meet again I'm gonna keep my head up just please keep close to me watch over me cause ur my angel
FOREVER LOVED CONSTANTLY MISSED
It is another year which will soon come and go but the memories of you keep growing stronger everyday. Missing your laughter and whit are just a few things I am missing but above all just our secret talks. Sending love all the way to heaven for you on your blessed day . Happy Birthday Cuz Forever Missed
Happy Birthday in Heaven.. I'm a friend of your cuz Joanna Hargrove is a great friend on face book...
Remembering this day is always special for it is you that made it that way Happy Birthday to you and I love you and miss you til we meet again in Glory
I love you sweet boy and your memory will live through me!!!
o hard to believe you are gone from us. i know you are in a better place now.
David Bowie, what to say... I could go on about how you were my hero, their hero but.. Why?... We miss you Starman and we cannot believe that you are gone. Rest In Peace David. Hope you are rocking up there!
Today marks another year or your passing and I miss you all the same. I would have traded places with you if I could! I love you so so much! Xoxoxo ❤️
Happy 32nd birthday to this beautiful woman! I miss you so so much!!
Let this candle burn forever like your your memory and kindness does daily! I will always love you!! Xoxo ❤️
Your spirit lives on
I never met Ashley but I feel I know her, she was a wonderful loving young woman, I will forever be grateful for her unselfishness, she gave me my wonderful grandson Aiden. It was meant to be, God decided.
Happy 44th birthday to my darling husband xx just wish you was here to celebrate it wirh us all  missing you always from your darling wife shaz and kids xxxx
Happy birthday to a wonderful son in law love n miss you loads God bless xxxx
To my special husband love and miss you always xx
MISS YOU
BUDDY
NOTFORGOTTEN
Miss you so much baby girl. Jayla has gotten so big she talks about you all the time. Only if heaven had visiting hours
You are always in my heart. It still dazes me that your not here. You are never forgotten but always near. Love you Angel.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE I KNOW ITS BEEN 2 YEARS SINCE YOU LEFT US......YOU GETTING OLD LADY.....LOL I REMEMBER US TALKING ABOUT WHEN WE GET OLD WHEN GONE DO THIS AND THAT NOW THAT YOUR GONE I WILL DO EVERYTHING WE SAID WE WAS GONE DO I LOVE YOU AND I KNOW YOU ENJOYING YOUR DAY IN HEAVEN REST EASY MY LOVE
You are truly missed continue to watch over me and my boys and the rest of the family....Without you LIFE really ain't been the same only person I truly trusted with my life,secrets,and my heart forever my angel
Missing you like crazy. When you love deep, you grieve deep. Love you so much. Happy Bday Lex!
There are no words to express the void in my life. They say that God makes no mistakes. For the longest i didnt understand the sentiment. It even made me angry when i heard it. But i knew i couldnt blame God. You wouldnt want me too. Im half a man now. The only thing holding me together is our little girl and the hope that God has to have something planned. Idk. I drive myself crazy trying to figure it out. You were just being a good mother, wife and student. Trying to better yourself in the process. Me.....I was just trying to do right by my family. When i joined the army I knew the risk, i had made my bed. Which i still cant understand to this day why it happened the way it did. Maybe its not for me to understand Idk. Your baby girl will do great things. All i can do is protect her, point her in the right direction and let God do the rest. You were always here to give me the extra motivation i needed. I will always miss you love. Just a regular guy missing his larger than life girl. Rest well Lex. I love you.
I really miss you Alexis
Love u and miss u like crazy!!! #R.I.H
I miss you lex!!! On my days off I miss calling you and trying to find out what time we are going to the gym to workout. Working out at the gym will NEVER be the same. You motivated me to push.. Miss you!!  My buddy!! RIP LEX
Miss her so much
May God give you comfort in your time of grief..
Mama I will always love u.
My Dad said to me I'll beat you in a race and I will do it running  back words I said  OK we took of running  and lord and behold he beat me I could not believe  it he was fast.
I miss you Daddy
I love you very much Daddy miss you evry day
I love and miss you Daddy to the moon and back.
Miss you a lot brother  please give Kathy and mom and dad hugs for me. Luv u always  Danny
LIGHT A CANDLE
I miss my mom so much
I MISS YOU DADDY SO MUCH!!!! Who ever started that rumor,"IT GETS EASIER WITH TIME"..... THEY LIED. I can't wait to see you again!!!!
Daddy it's been 11 long years and I really need ur support but I now ur helping me from heaven and I love you for that and don't worry about me I have a good man supporting me and helping me get threw everything I won't let you down .
It's been 10 years, Everyday i miss you, your voice,opinions,leadership, everything about you.. DAD you were the ROOT, that kept this family togather. I have felt so alone, and so far away since youve been gone. I wish you was still here, you made every situation good or bad better.. I love and miss you DADDY!!!!!
I love and miss you Daddy,So much. Can't wait til we met again!!!!
Tammy, I love and miss u everyday!! Tammy had a way of lighting up the room where ever she went. I remember all the good things she has always done for me &amp; others. She was not selfish in anyway. She loved her kids more than herself. I remember her fried chicken diner . She could cook &amp; I &amp; my family sure loved her cooking. Tammy was a rock to lean on and I miss her. Love u Tammy , I will see u my friend one day and hug u.
I miss you my baby sister.
I mss you so much!!! :(
Forever missed.
When she came by my garage and told me I was best mechanic around. It made me proud. Then her calling to tell me her Mom and Siter was broke down in town and would I help them..not a huge memory but non the less she was always nice to Dad and I..
Hey, Trav I know I don't have to tell you how much you are missed. But I think of you every day. I know that you are keeping your mom and Chirs laughing like you always could. Your uncle Dan loves you.
Hey, my Trav  Aunt Marth loves you so  I miss you and i can't breathe sometimes without you  Our lives are less with you in Heaven. At least you are with your Mom Chris and your Dad. Have them kiss and hug you for a thousand years. I will see you when i get there. The song "Green Green Grass of Home" has a line i changed a little bit  "Down the road i look and there runs Travis. Arms reaching smiling sweetly".  It will good to touch the Green Green Grass of home. I love you and miss you ALWAYS ❤❤❤❤
Happy Birthday in Heaven Sweet Travis! Your Aunt Marth misses you so very much. I remember all the best times of my life and you are there. The sun doesn't shine as bright anymore. The world seems less beautiful without you. My life is much less fun and there are not many happy days without you in our lives. Remember the good times and Remember i will see you when i get there. I love you so much, my Trav!
I will see you when i get there!
Keeping this candle lite just for you! That way u can always find us in the light! The light will lead u to us!
message for Stanley that Leigh Smith Faircloth sends her love and sympathy for the loss of her mother. I have fond memories of Russ!
Jeanetta, Jimbo, and Stanley:   I am so sorry to learn of the passing of you mom.  I was in Arkansas on business or else I would have come in person to express my condolences.  Your mom was a dear sweet lady and I know you are going to miss her as will all those who knew her.  I pray that God will grant you peace, strength, and understanding as you are comforted by the Holy Spirit in the days and weeks ahead.  --  Kenneth R. Sims
We are so sorry to hear about Ms Russ, she was truly a gracious lady. You are all in our thoughts and prayers!
Just passed away so unexpectedly with out warning . That was the day mu family's lives changed forever . I am lost with out her . I know she is watching over all of us . She was a kind hearted  person who would do anything for anyone . She touched so many lives.  She may be gone but she will never be forgotten . Fly high my beautiful sister.
Beautiful tribute page.  Redd you bought me joy and laughter.  I looked forward every Tuesday for Truth Tuesday's.  You gave me life!  I know that your spirit is now aware of that.  Your mom will always be dear to my heart.  Rest In Peace Angel!!!
I  love you so much, my love, mom missing your smile. Your laughter  your touch. You forever whole my heart, Redd you are my LIFE.
Hello I'm Lindsey Jackson, in one of Jehovah's Witness. I just want to say how sorry I am for your loss. I know what it feels like to lose a love one in death but a scripture in the bible that really helped me and others to cope and that's Acts 24:15 "There is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous ". So we will get to see ou loved ones again soon!
Hello I'm Lindsey Jackson, in one of Jehovah's Witness. I just want to say how sorry I am for your loss. I know what it feels like to lose a love one in death but a scripture in the bible that really helped me and others to cope and that's Acts 24:15 "There is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous ". So we will get to see ou loved ones again soon!
Hello I'm Lindsey Jackson, in one of Jehovah's Witness. I just want to say how sorry I am for your loss. I know what it feels like to lose a love one in death but a scripture in the bible that really helped me and others to cope and that's Acts 24:15 "There is going to be a resurrection of both the righteous and the unrighteous ". So we will get to see ou loved ones again soon!
Aunt Ruby, I love you so much &amp; I will forever cherish you in my heart. We were not blood related but I never knew any different. Thank you for loving me. I'll forever be your Indian Girl❤️
I thought I saw her face today In the sparkle of the morning sun. And then I heard the angel say, "Her work on earth is done." I thought I heard her voice today Then laugh her hearty laugh. And then I heard the angel say, "There's peace little one at last." I thought I felt her touch today In the breeze that rustled by. And then I heard the angel say, "The spirit never dies." I thought that she had left me For the stars so far above. And then I heard the angel say, "She left you with her love." I thought that I would miss her And never find my way. And then I heard the angel say, "She's with you every day" Aunt Ruby you will forever be in my heart! I love you! &lt;3
Can't believe it has been 15 years already. Think of you often and laugh at how goofy we all were. Rest well, you are missed!
Happy Birthday in Heaven Patty! Thinking of you a lot lately and remembering your laugh. We had so many laughs and you are missed my friend but never forgotten.
I think of you often Patty and remember all of the fun, crazy times that we had together. I wish that we could spend one more day together my friend. We were so close for so long and you are missed more than you could ever know! Love you lady, Lisa (Hall) Perkins
Happy 7 Bday in heaven
MISSING MY BRO LIKE CRAZY..
What's Poppin Homie ❤️ You know it's ALWAYS EASTSIDE!
Thanks Uncle Dave for taking me fishing at Barnacle Bills pier. We always looked for that white Rambler on Friday afternoons. Catch a big one&gt;
Miss you man. Your laugh, your goofiness, your singing lol I just heard the track you are on. Man-- I didn't you had it in you. You're son is getting so-- big. Looks soo-- much like you. Wish you could still be with us. If Wally is with you, hug him for me.... Hopefully God comes soon man, this world is chaotic man, glad you're not having to deal with it. Your presence is always going to be missed though. Devonte, J'azmin and Rebekah send their love always. I'm sure you hear J'azmin always keeping you in her prayers. I pray you're rejoicing big with the Lord. I can only "try" to imagine.... Miss you Theo. You're missed! :'(
I think of you often.  I know you are with your dad looking down on Taylor and your son.  Miss you and love you always
Ted was born in San Diego, CA.  This my mom met my step dad and they got married and we moved to Hawaii. We stayed there for three years. Thenjoy we moved to Kingsville, Texas. There we started our life. He was always a smart kid. Always working on thing, playing outside. It was easy for him to make friends. Ted was smart with numbers. He would be able to help you with your high school work while he was still in middle school.
I miss you cousin. You always made me feel special and always made time to come and see me when you came to San Diego. Even if it was for a quick 10 mins you gave me my cousin time. I miss being able to text you about the Charger games. (Don't worry cousin you didn't miss anything,they sucked this year lol). Miss you.
Stephon My Bro Miss You
I miss you so much daddy and sometimes it's so hard to go forward in this life..I miss the talks with you and the kisses on the cheek..you were my hero daddy. I didn't ever think Jesus would ever take you away from me because you were such a good man but I guess he needed you in his heavenly choir to sing with your amazing voice and play your guitar but one day soon I shall see you again..until we meet again daddy..Love your little girl always Pat
I love and miss you momma!
I miss you sissy. Always and forever.
Happy Mother's Day In Heaven.I love and miss you. God bless.
Happy Mother's Day Lori!!! You are deeply missed!
Happy Mother's  Day Lori!  You are deeply missed!
I MISS YOU SO MUCH ...
You are my sister here or in heaven you will never be forgotten. I think of you everyday. Love and miss you so much, it's hard to say goodbye and right now I'm not ready. The family loves and misses you. I hope you resting peacefully. God bless.
Lori will always be in my prayers and in my heart.  I will never forget our coffee time and our talks they meant a lot to me. R.I.P
With Love, Sandi
People will always have something to say  and things they barely knew, the we shared, and time we had. No matter the good, No Matter the bad. I miss you so much, My one and only Dad. It has taken some time, to get over the pain, of you leaving to soon, never to return again.  We know that you loved us, like a real father should, Regardless of it all, through the bad and the good!! You are truly missed and are greatly loved.  LyCresha Marie Jones 12/05/2018
AT 4;59 AM JAN.3 2016 MY ONLY LOVEABLE BABE WENT TO BE WITH HER LORD..IT DOESNT SEEM LIKE 3 YEARS BUTIT HAS BEEN..IN HER LIFE TIME SHE TRIED TO HELP AND MAKE EVERYONE SMILE..SHE WAS A PERSON THAT WANTED THE HELPLESS TO BE HELPED..SHE WAS A LOVING DAUGHTER AND SHE ALWAYS TRIED TO CHEER ME UP WHEN I WAS DOWN..BABE REST IN PEACE TIL WE MEET AGAIN..LOVE YOU FOEVER..............
JOYCIE, THIS IS THE THIRD CHRISTMAS THAT WE HAVE BEEN WITHOUT YOU..I MISS AND LOVE YOU SO MUCH..REMEMBERING THE CHRISTMAS'SWHENYOU WERE HERE ,US ALL GETTING TOGETHER , EATING AND OPENING GIFTS FROM ONE ANOTHER..WAS A GREAT TIME..I KNOW YOU MUST BE HAVING A GREAT TIME WITH DADDY AND YOUR GRANDPARRENTS AND MOST OF ALL JESUS..I WILL SEE YOU AND JESUS AND ALL THE REST ONE OF THESE DAYS..ALWAYS MISS YOU AND LOVE YOU...MOM
JOYCIE, JUST SITTING HERE ON A COLD AND RAINNY DAY , THINKING ABOUT THANKSGIVING AND CHRISTMAS WITHOUT YOU..I KNOW YOU MUST BE HAPPY IN YOUR HEAVENLY HOME ,HOPEING YOU ARE WITH DADDY AND YOUR GRANDPARRENTS..YOU ARE STILL THE LOVE OF MY LIFE FOREVER.I LOVE YOU SO MUCH...MOM.....
TO MY MOST PRESIOUS DAUGHTER, I AM MISSING YOU  MORE AND MORE AS TIME GOES BY.I THINK OF YOU EVERY MINUTE AND EVERY HOUR OF THE DAY..I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART AND SOUL.GOD BLESSES ME THAT I KNOW I WILL BE WITH YOU SOME DAY..  MOM
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY..I MISS YOU SO MUCH..I LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART....MOM......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SWEET LITTLE GIRL THAT I LOVE SO MUCH..MISS YOU BABY SO MUCH..LOVE MOM..HAPPY 71 YRS........
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SWEETHEART! On this day the world, and especially me, was given the beautiful gift of your amazing smile, your warm, happy eyes and your incredible loving and gracious heart. I love you as much today as I always have and miss you so much. I would nevr trade ONE MINUTE with you for a LIFETIME with anyone else.
MY BABY, ITS BEEN A LONG YEAR SINCE WE SAW YOU LAST,BUT SOMEDAY SOON WE WILL SEE YOU AGAIN..YOU HAVE TOUCHED A LOT OF LIVES WITH YOUR SPIRIT  FROM HEAVEN.LOVE AND MISS YOU SO MUCH...MOM
MY DEAREST ,,,I MISS YOU SO MUCH...YOU WILL ALWAYS BE WITH ME TILL WE SEE EACH OTHER AGAIN.I FEEL YOUR SPIRIT SO OFTEN.....LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART....MOTHER
JOYCIE, WORDS CAN'T EXPLAIN HOW MUCH I MISS AND LOVE YOU.....ITS BEEN SEVEN MONTHS AND SEEMS LIKE ETERNITY SINCE YOU LEFT US...BUT YOUR SPIRIT IS STILL WITH ME...SOMEDAY SOON WE ALL WILL BE TOGETHER AGAIN..LOVE YOU SO MUCH ......MOM
JOYCIE,  I MISS YOU SO MUCH,I WILL NEVER GET OVER THE SHOCK THAT TOOK YOU AWAY SO FAST, BUT GOD DOESNT MAKE ANY MISTAKES AND HE KNEW YOU HAD SUFFERED ENOUGH..IT WAS TIME FOR YOU TO HAVE REST AND PEACE ..WE WILL BE TOGETHER AGAIN SOME DAY..I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MY BABY..LOVE FOREVER MOTHER..............
MY BABE, IT WAS BEAUTIFUL THE DAY WE LAYED YOU TO REST..I WILL NEVER FORGET YOU OR THE DAY WE LOST YOU..I KNOW YOU ARE RESTING IN PEACE NOW.. I WILL BE WITH YOU SOME DAY BABY...LOVE AND MISS YOU SO MUCH...MOTHER
JOYCIE, I MISS YOU SO MUCH.BUT SOMEDAY I WILL BE WITH YOU AND DADDY AND OUR LOVING SAVIOR..I KNOW YOU MUST BE HAVING A PEACEFULL  LOVING TIME IN HEAVEN.I FEEL YOUR PRESENTS EVERY DAY...MY LOVING DAUGHTER..LOVE MOM.....
Joyce was a wonderful wife to marvin, they were my neighbors, I remember her as she drove by with marvin and knew that she would stop and stare and i knew that I would have to approach the jeep with caution knowing that the answer coming from within the vehicle would be "better you than me"! I miss her! Heaven has gained a wonderful and beautiful soul!!
Joyce was a wonderful wife to marvin, they were my neighbors, I remember her as she drove by with marvin and knew that she would stop and stare and i knew that I would have to approach the jeep with caution knowing that the answer coming from within the vehicle would be "better you than me"! I miss her! Heaven has gained a wonderful and beautiful soul!!
Joyce.., she was one of the most kindhearted women I have ever met with a contagious smile and her laughter, well it just put a smile on everyone's face to be around her.  We became instant friends and Marvin and her were awesome neighbors.  I loved our little chats and they were just about nothing and everything!  Often times she would talk about Marvin and would say how lucky she was that he was her husband. Such a beautiful love story and she told it!  she loved life and the family and friends she shared it with. The day of her passing was a huge loss and she is missed so much by myself and our family! We all loved her!
My Love,  I had no idea what a wonderful, powerful Love I was about to receive in my life the first time you took my hand.  I never knew it was possible for anyone to love me as much or as completely as you did.  Your Love still surrounds me- I feel it.  May God and all His Angels hold you in their Love.  I Miss You.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JOYCIE,,I KNOW YOU MUST BE HAVING A PEACEFUL BIRTHDAY..I MISS AND LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART.YOUV'E BEEN GONE FOR FOUR MONTHS..SEEMS LIKE FOREVER....AGAIN HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY..LOVE YOU,,MOTHER
Happy Birthday Sweetheart.  I Love you and Miss You SOO Much.  I am so thankful you came into this world and my life.
JOYCIE, YOU WERE THE LIGHT OF MY LIFE..WE ALWAYS WAS SO CLOSE THAT WE OFTEN HAD THE SAME THOUGHTS..YOU WAS YOUR DADDYS GIRL..HE ADDORED YOU TOO..I KNOW YOU ARE SO HAPPY TO BE WITH HIM..MISS YOU BABY..LOVE YOU FOREVER...MOTHER
I VISITED THE BEACH THIS WEEK, AND IT MADE ME THINK OF YOU SAYING , THE OCEAN WATER MADE YOU FEEL SO PEACEFUL.I MISS YOU SO MUCH MY BABY..REST IN PEACE TIL WE MEET AGAIN SOME DAY..LOVE YOU WITH ALL MY HEART.....MOTHER.....
Joyce and I were more like brother and sister.We grew up together,and mother baby sit her,so we spent a lot of time together. She is missed already,because of her great personality,and that smile that she always had on her face. To Marvin and the family our prayers are with you.
Joyce loved spending time with family and friends.  She had a great laugh, didn't take herself too seriously and valued every day she spent with Marvin.  She is missed.
JOYCIE, I SURE DO MISS YOU..YOU ALWAYS CALL ME ON EVERY OCCASION AND AT LEAST TWICE A WEEK..YOUR SWEET VOICE IS STILL WITH ME..I LOVE YOU......MOTHER
Everyone who ever met Joyce immediately felt so comfortable with her.  She treated everyone with respect and guarded their dignity, no matter their station in life, all were the same in her eyes.
Richard (aka) Ricky  He was the greatest man i have ever knew,  He was wonderful son to Helen Oliver no one took care her like he did, He was out standing grandfather to our grandchildren, He was good to my children there wasn't nothing he wouldn't of done for them. He was my bestfriend my soulmate he was my world. I was his bubbles that what he would call me. He always forgave I could do no wrong in his eyes. My heart broke day he went away. And it will stay broken until i am in his arms again We Love You and You Are Very Much Miss But You Will Never Be Forgotten
Miss you Mom
Even after all this time that has gone by, I still really miss you and will until I take my last breath, you have missed out on so much. I love you Dad and always will. Love from Brenda. xx
For my beautiful mother in heaven. I will be there 2. I love u mom
Missing  my brother
LOVE YOU MY SON!!
Never a day goes by I don't think of u !
There is not a second of any minute of everyday that I don't miss u !!!! I will see u again !!!!!! I soooooo miss u momma !!!!
ove you nard
Will miss u always dad
My bugger baby 7 yrs has wnt by without you being here,Brother i miss you everyday of my life dont know what is down the rd for me ,But i know when its time i will see my brother again,Ilove you forever and a day, love your sister Darlene
ove you and the pain of loosing you never gets easier  memories that make me smile allso bring loads of tears...
I miss you and will always love you. You will always have a big piece of my heart!!
Bugger you were the light in my life ,Now that light has burnt out .but you are always in my heart .God knows how much i miss you ,Alot of people dont even let you cross their mind but you are on your sisters mind every day of my life .the pain of you not being here will always be with me ,i love you forever and a day love your sister always Darlene
my dearest brother i miss you so bad it hurts. my heart is broken love you bugger . love  your sister always darlene
ove you bugger, i miss you so much,,
I love you so much
I will always miss you baby girl words can't explain R.I.H JaiJai
Happy Bithday mom- Feb. 20/ 2019
Happy birthday grandma.  Still very heart broken. I will be for a long time. I love you so much. Xxoo
I love you mom. You will forever be in my heart for ever &amp; ever. It will be very hard living without you. I so miss you so bad already, I love you mom...love Karen xxxxxxx
Love and miss you grandma forever. We had many great laughs and great memories that I will keep in my heart for ever and always! I love you! Xxxooo
Happy Heavenly Birthday, on what would have been your 40th.  Hope you are showing everyone how to party xxx
Thinking of you today Kel and thinking of your family and friends too, we never got to say goodbye but your laughter and happy disposition will be remembered always. xxx
D.Kell...cant believe its been three years since that fatefull day...But you where never a one for fuss where you Kell,always,always fussing over others always.....Love&amp;Miss You D.Kell Always.M.Suez....xx xxx..Love You Chiccc                                        see you on the other side D.Kell                                                            XXXXX
You always loved Christmas and when I put my tree up it reminds me of you and always will do ❤️ Christmas dinner isn’t the same without your  phone call to say hurry up he’s made dinner!! Hope wherever you are you are having a blast we know you’ll be partying hard  We came down  to see you Christmas Day to say hello and that we love and miss you. Love you always and forever me xxxx
Our birthday will always be hard I’m sad that your not here but Wherever you are I hope you are happy and have celebrated our birthday the way you knew how to, I will always love and miss you.love from  your beautiful lovely sister Lianne xx The last bit makes me smile because it’s what you wrote in every card  for our birthday, love you always smelly kelly xx
Loved and never forgotten you will always be. Hope you are celebrating your birthday Kelly style ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Happy Birthday Kelly hope you are partying hard  forever missed ❤
Happy birthday beautiful girl miss you more every day xxxx
Miss you more than ever I will love you from this broken heart forever
Can’t believe that it has been 2 years, you are so missed by everyone. Love you xxx
D.kELL,Cant believe its been two years,since you where so suddenly taken away .you will allways be in my heart Kell...allways...love You allways and forever chiccccc.....xx xx x M.Suzz.....
Think about you everyday but today you've not left my head :( miss you so much Kelly  love you &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
hink about you D.Kell.... every day and every night darling.....love&amp;miss you chicc...M.Suz.xx xx x
Laying a flower
Miss u so much kel not a day goes by when  ur not on our minds me and the kids miss u so much in my thoughts today in my ❤️ 4 Eva xxxx
n after a year I still miss you as much as I always have. I wish we could've had more time together but in heaven we'll have forever. You'll always be in my heart and I'll always remember you ❤️❤️❤️
One year on and it still hurts just as much. We think about you everyday and miss you more than words can say. Sleep tight little sister ❤️
12 months since god wrapped you in his arms, why we will never know, why you had to go, your free spirit will live on forever kelly, in the hearts of everyone who was ever touched by you in our lives. shine bright angel xxxxxxxx
Cant believe its been year since you left us D.Kell.....no reasons and no answers Kell.....talk to every morning when i wake and every nite before i go sleeps Kell and will forever chiccc.....Love And MISS You Girl...xxx.xxx. Allways AND Forever be in my heart And Thorts Darlin M. Suz.xx
Love N Miss You Kell...Always in My Heart and Thorts Kell....Allways darling.....xxxx
Love you Aunty Kelly, i will always miss you I love you loads! I wish it never happened. Love you forever Aiden
You are allways in my thorts D.Kell....every day,every nite...still so hard to believe.....miss you girl......M.Suz....xxxx
Missing You D.Kell xxx Love Allways and Forever Darling xxx
Miss you everyday Kelly, you have left a huge hole in our lives and hearts.
Happy Birthday sure everyone in Denbigh will b thinking of u today mate wish I could be there to bring u some flowers lots of hugs Teza xxxx
Happy Birthday Kelly, you touched many hearts and your smile lit up a room, i hope you are partying hard. missed by everyone always, shine bright lovely xxxxxx
Still can't believe your gone kelly ❤ I hope wherever you are you are celebrating your birthday in style love you and miss you xx
n et my head around the fact your gone kel, it breaks my heart everyday. i think about from the moment i wake up to the minuet go to sleep. i wish i could give you one last hug, i will never ever forget you kelly. i love and miss you all the world.
Still doesn't seem real Kell,  think about you and talk to you every day and every night, you will Allways Live on in my heart Kell Allways and in everyone's heart that had the pleasure of knowing You xxx Shine Bright Up There D.Kell Love Allways M.suz xxxx
I loved you with all my heart and miss you more and more every day i just hope you new this sleep tight beautiful girl in our hearts and mind foreverxxxx
god bless you kelly  gone far too soon xxx
Kell...the word I'm feeling is "Empty..."Emptiness that I know everyone is feeling,, so soon so sudden just gone from this life,, when I look at your fotos kell I just still can't believe it,can't believe not going see you again,,, Well until I get my call..until that day Kell You Shine Bright Up There, . Love You Allways And Forever Kell xxx till we meet again  m.suz xxxx .
My mom left me at ur age and I've had the pain all these years gods not fare sometimes he has to take a good one from the pack , every time I came to Denbigh u always made a beeline to come to Karen and Richards to greet me, we always had a great time all of us always.sorry I never always brought enough relish bit u always had a bit lol that's why I bought u the relish flowers as no one would get it but we did u were great ur funneral was beautiful and I cried the whole way home. U have a beautiful family and friends and every time I come to Denbigh I will come and see u like u always did me. I love and miss u mate Teri Kev n crew from sheff the land of relish xxxxx
Still can't get my head around the fact u have gone,it was such a shock to many people and you was definitely to young to go,lost again another big part of my life
God bless you my little gorgeous minx. Love you loads xxx
Still can't belive your gone kel a beautiful girl with a beautiful heart will never forget you sleep tight x x x
nt believe it D.Kell...you will live on in my heart forever..."Love You Darling"..Shine Bright Up There Kell....
Love and miss you forever shine bright kell will always be looking up for you
Born together I love you forever, rest in peace kelly you'll always be in my heart ❤ miss you my twinnie xx
Still cant believe i wont see you again, gone far too soon. xxx
Forever in my heart always and forever gone to soon still don't want to believe it I think off u everyday and I don't ever think that will go away xxx ❤️ Shine bright like a diamond xxxx
Going to be very missed by so many. You where a crazy funny and down to heart women. Shine bright mate xxx
Will miss you more than words can say kel and when you left you took a part of me with you love you forever and rest in peace hun xxxxxx
Gone but never forgotten Kelly. Every person u met u touched their hearts. Rest now my friend xxxxx
I think of you every day, of all the things I didn't get to say. You had a heart of gold, you gave us all the best memories. You didn't realise how much you meant to everyone, you will always be in my heart forever I will never forget you xxxx
You have left so many broken hearts, I still can't believe you have gone. Sleep tight Kelly, forever in our hearts xxx
Gonna miss mad nights and your infectious laff!!!!!! Xx
Shine bright kelly lots of broken hearts love forever missed so much xxxx
You will be truly missed Kelly xx 1 of Denbighs youngest characters gone too soon xx R.I.P
I can't find the words to describe the loss I am feeling now you have left us. You will always be with us Kel, we will talk about you lots and we will never stop loving you. Sleep tight little sister, until we meet again. XXXX ❤️ XXXX
June, my heart is breaking. You and Frank have mint so much to me over the years he well be greatly missed. My prayers are with you and if there's ever anything I can do for you please call. I love you
June, We are so sorry for your loss. But remember he is in Heaven and has the ultimate healing.  We love you and here if you need us. Love Quinton and Millie
You are and always will be a great friend and sister and daughter, we will never forget you.      truly your friend belinda.
Love and miss u.....
District Elder Carrie Callaway.  I am sorry for your loss and I pray God will comfort you and your family in a way that only He can.  Cherish the memories of your brother and hold then in your heart. May the peace of God be with you today and the days to come.
You were the best friend anyone could ask for, I'll always miss you buddy! The world is a lesser place without you, we got a lot to catch up on when I see you next. Via con dios mi amigo.
I only knew u a year but u were a very nice guy, it was a pleasure to have u has my friend, nice getting to know u, u were taken way to swn and ur very sadly missed, my son's middle name is Matthew in honour of u and when he asks when he's older why that's his middle name I will tell him all bout his daddy's best friend and that u wud have loved to meet him r.i.p Matt xx
We love you and miss MOTHER
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOTHER YOU ARE TRULY MISSED.
Mom we miss you so much we talk about you all the time everyday its hard not having no one to call and talk about anything the kids miss you it hurt so much but i know your in a better place you are missed we will always love you
I love you mother, I loved you in life now I love you even more in death. I can not ever forget you. The person I have walked this journey with for the longest part of my life, I hope I made you more proud then sad while you were here.
Thinking of you at this time of year Angie xx
Thinking of you and Angela today. xxx
Thinking of Angela today but knowing that you are with her and guiding her.Hugs Angie xxx
We had some fun times, miss you not being sat ringside laughing at the antics and of course my little legs with the wonderful Greg.  Angela is doing you proud, still love handling the gsd.  Xxx
Taken far too young. Mam your were my whole world, my rock, my best friend.  There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think of you and wish that you were here with me &amp; my four legged kiddoz. Love you always Mam xxxx.
You can be proud of Angela, she is  carrying on as you would wish her to, and she is doing it her way. xxx
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Deone for the loss of her father.I know he will be missed. Jack was a great man.
My deepest sympathy to the family of Jack.  I worked in tobacco for him many, many years ago.  He was always kind to me and I have always remembered that.  Every time I ride by his home on Northside Road I recall those memories of him.  He was a good man.  He will be missed, but I am sure he is in Heaven with Jesus now in his heavenly home.
I will always cherish my wonderful memories of Uncle Jack and visiting Creedmoor.  Our prayers and heartfelt sympathy to you all.  Love, Donna Goodson Harris
My one and only sister... I truly Love You and miss you so much!!! Lord knows I would do anything to have you back with us. TJ Loved and misses you so much. Tiffany if there was a phone to Heaven I would call you every single day and never miss a beat!! I Love You my sister!! You are at Peace nos with no more pain or hurt from anyone!! I Love You until we meet again. I will see you Later!! Hugs and Kisses!!
Happy birthday Tida ❤❤
Happy birthday dad 70 today You should still be here with us Miss you so much All our love Julie lee Nisha Zak and Alice xxx
3 years and still hurts just as much Miss you so much dad Xxx
Happy birthday dad  The pain doesn’t go away I miss you more now All my love Xxxx
2 years ago you left me  I Miss you everyday dad Xxx
Happy birthday dad Missing you everyday  All my love Xxx
Happy birthday dad Miss you so much Xxxx
Alvin and Sylvia, you and your family are in my thoughts and prayers.  Love you all dearly.
Alvin, I'm so very sorry to hear of your dad's passing.  My prayers go out to you and your family.  Take comfort in knowing that he's resting with the Lord.  If there is anything that I can do for you, you have only to ask.
Alvin and family, We'll keep you and your family in our thoughts and prayers.  -Children's Orthopedic Dept-
My mom passed away at the end of July. The first time I met Mr. Jones was at her funeral. I was in awe at how a man could travel from Alabama to Maryland and attend a funeral of a woman he never met. It showed me a compassionate soul who believed in family (Olagunju are my in laws). I pray that you will somehow find comfort , the Lord is your strength.  Peace and blessings.
May his soul rest in perfect peace.
Still missing u like crazy momma and wishing you were still here cause i really need you still so much!!!!!!!!!! Love you so very much
I love you MoMA I miss you forever this has been the hardest two years of my entire life ! Hope your new travels are happy
I love you moma and miss you like crazy I wish you didn't have to go I still need you !
When I was about five my mom told me my aunt Martha and my two cousins would be down the next day. I was so excited I kept asking when will they be here I waited up a long time before sleep finally over took me.  The next morning I woke up and my cousins Tara and Trela were asleep on the floor. Trela had pink foam rollers in her hair. We became fast friends. Then I met their mother my aunt Martha   She was so tall. She reminded me of a tall Angie Dickenson. She had lived in Cslifornia so in my mind I thought she was a movie Starr. She had a convertible car it was so cool the top came down and she even let us ride in it.   I thought this was so cool she even drove us to Girdnets store to buy everyone ice cream.  Love you aunt Martha. You are truly missed
She was everything Good!!! Taken from us in this life far to soon  I miss her so much I miss talking to her so many lives were better because she was a part of them I could have never asked for a more beautiful ,smarter, understanding, loving, woman and I am proud to call her my moma !
Happy birthday Sister I miss you so much I really need my best friend here with me just continue to watch over me and the family We love you so much
My father, I never really got to know properly, passed away weeks before my fourth birthday in 1964 but I can remember him a little bit. Life became difficult for my mother who has been a widow ever since, and I was the only child. Unfortunately I have had health problems (temporal lobe epilepsy) and wasn't the easiest of children for a mother to bring up. Years of poverty followed and it has taken many years for me to get cured of this illness and rebuild my life to be something of worth, but with forty years at least in the making it hasn't been easy for my mother. I feel I have been a burden on my mother as she doesn't really have much to show for what she has done for me. That is not down to me but all the problems with discrimination, unfairness, bullying and more I have encountered being disabled, gifted, and an only child. I hope you are proud of me for sticking by my mother and trying my hardest resulting in eventual success, but all the suffering my mother has been through is too much for the final result as I haven't achieved what the average person has in total. Our qualities of life are better than average now but all the suffering from before levels off to being below average overall. What we have now doesn't make up for what we lost out in for over forty years. If only you were around I am sure our lives would have been much better, so please be proud of me even though I feel like I am a failure through no fault of my own - it is what I have put my mother through why I feel so bad. Thinking of you helps me, but something needs to happen to let me know how you feel of me.
I feel u have been with me a lot lately I miss u so bad this has been so hard without u I'll never have a friend sister person like you in my life again I love you babe
You were the best person I knew. I love u more than life itself my life will never be the same without you save me a place in heaven baby girl love Nikia fourroux
To the family and friends of Sylena, Please let me extend my condolences to you.  It is unnatural to lose a loved one in death.  When we read the account of Lazarus, it teaches us that the resurrection is a reality.  Jesus taught that someday "all those in the memorial tombs" will be resurrected. (John 5:28,29)  Not only will Sylena be resurrected to life on earth but she will have an opportunity to live forever on this earth in peaceful and happy conditions. (Ps. 37:11, 29)  I hope that these expressions from the Bible help to bring you some comfort and hope.
Taylor, I enjoyed meeting you, even though we just met a short time ago. I know we would have enjoyed some intense conversations because in the short time we knew each other,  I learned some of the things you were passionate about; Kentucky Wildcats, politics, Republicans........ It was an honor to be your nurse in the last few months of your life and especially on your final day.  I am sure you are at peace in your eternal resting place and probably giving legal advice and looking for a good case to take on.  I miss seeing you twice a week. Sarah Pawli
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOMA  I MISS YOU RIP YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MISS AND LOVE  YOU WERE GONE TOO SOON
I still cry for you til this day mom my heart hurts for you
Sherry was a beautiful, kind and caring soul who was always concerned about others above herself. She had a servant's heart and followed her Lord Jesus in washing the feet of others. The world is poorer with her absence but she is enjoying the reunion we all look forward to with our Savior. Skip we are thinking of you and the many kindnesses you and Sherry provided for us and I know for so many others. God bless you all! Love, Bobby
Tanner Hospice Care staff would like to offer our condolences to you during this difficult time and to say thank you for trusting your loved one in our care
I am hoping your heartache has dulled a little, though perhaps it would be too much to ask, that this week would be like any other.  It's a sad road but with God's help, you can move toward a happier place in your life.  Take heart.  Jesus is with you through it all.
My heart goes out to you as you grieve the loss of your infant.  People do read and notice and say a prayer when they see obituaries for those like Jayden.  May God bless you with peace. A Christian stranger
Please accept my sincere condolences.  Maybe at a later time when you start to sort out your feelings you can sit down and read Mark 5:22-24 and verses 35-42 where Jesus resurrected the 12 year old daughter of Jairus and his wife.  These verses give hope that you will see your precious little Jayden again.  To benefit from this glorious prospect, it is necessary to obey Psalm 105:4,5 and pray to Jehovah God incessantly, looking to him for the strength to endure.
I never thought a love one can b so hurting not that u with GOD its just I miss seeing your smile n laughter....love u mommy.
Sept.1932- 2014 Mom if I had the chance to see you for one last time. I would just ask you to hug me as tightly as you can rest my head on your shoulder and cry till my tears run dry. Life has to end,love doesn't. This is my repentance, my regret I know you can't hear me but I still want to say.Mom I miss you and I'm Sorry. Love
A dear sweet and gentle, loving soul.  May you rest in peace. You will never be forgotten, brother and friend. Miss you.....
Condolences to the Jones Family,  A husband, a father, a brother,and friend. May you know that our hearts are filled with sorrow and you all are in our thoughts and prayers, may the love and loving memories keep comforting you during the days ahead. With deepest sympathy.
My heart is so heavy .. I'm gonna miss u always and forever my friend ..May u rest in peace til we meet again I'll be missing you xoxox Michelle Lewis
I will always love and miss you
ove you for ever mum debbie ie deborah ann jones
Dreadfully missed!!
Emile, Kojo, Modupe, Conrad,  Today marks the 3rd anniversary of my dear husband, Emile and (Beryl and Benjamin's)  father transition to glory. "A million times we've missed you. A million times we've cried;  If love could have saved you, you never would have died. Things we feel so deeply, are the hardest things to say. Our dearest Emile/ dad we've loved you; in every special way". Yet, we'll keep praising, that God in all His wisdom, will give us grace for each new day till we meet again.
Yet another year dearest Uncle. We still miss you over here. Keep resting in the bosom of the Lord.  From your only sister and family
EKJ- three years ago how we joyfully celebrated his 65th birthday.  Today, we remind ourselves that God hold the key of all unknown and we rejoice that God who is always faithful keeps our dear one in His eternal home...  The eternal God is our Refuge and underneath are the everlasting arms. He is our Shepherd, worthy of praise!  My children and I continue to hold  and trust the Rock of our salvation, the All wise God who never fails.
It still feels like a dream that two years ago Emile left us for his home in heaven. We praise our God of faithfulness and all comfort that His grace has kept us going as a family.  "Eye has not seen, nor ear heard,  neither has entered into the heart of man, the things that God has prepared for those who love Him".(1 Cor 2;9) May God be forever praised!
Your memories still linger...will always do. We still miss you Uncle Emile. Lots of love from your only sister Aureola and brother in law Richard, Onyinye, Emeka, Uche and of course your namesake Nedum Emilia. Keep resting dearest Uncle!
Sleep well Emile, sleep well. Leadi
One year on and my children and I remember with gratitude to God the life we shared together with our dear husband and father Emile Kojo Jones, and his witness in this world. We miss him but are reassured by Gods word that he is in a better place where there's no more pain, or crying or dialysis. We find comfort in knowing that by His grace, 'nothing can separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus'. As a song says, "there's a land that is fairer than day and by faith we shall see it afar for the Father waits over the way..." Emile K, we will meet him again in heaven some day, but till then he remains forever special and loved in our hearts.
Many thanks to God for Emile's life and witness in Freetown, Bristol, London, Germany and other places where he lived and visited. I knew him in both Freetown and Bristol where he trained at Trinity College. We pray for Myna and the children to continue to know God's love and peace.
So many happy memories of EKJ in Bristol: "More grace, your Gravy?"
Romans 8:28 "And we know that all things work together for good to those who love God" The advice you gave me when we taught at the Grammar School. Farewell my friend, Donald Smart
When I first arrived in Freetown as a VSO in September 1972, the GYS concert at the British Council was one of the first events which I attended. It was such an inspiration and Emile along with so many others were great at welcoming me as a young follower of Christ to Sierra Leone. A few years later, our paths crossed again in my hometown of Bristol where Emile went to study at Trinity College. We overlapped for one year there. The photo posted already was taken of us with our Vicar and Lecturer Tony Baker at Redland Parish Church - my home church. Thank you Emile for all the encouragement and blessing you have given to me and so many others on the path of faith, following the Lord Jesus.
Emile, K, my husband, my best friend, my soul mate would we have imagined a day like today, that which should have been your 66th birthday? Now and always, I thank God for who you were. God is good and faithful so even in your absence we will trust Him. We miss you, but we'll see you in heaven some day- that is our hope.
It should have been your birthday today. Tears roll down my eyes as I write this...my dearest uncle and namesake. You left a huge vaccum. It's hard to explain the pain that we feel. We still miss you dearest Uncle-the phone calls, the emails, the letters, that unique voice...it is an endless list. You touched humanity. We lost a rare gem of inestimable value in our generation. Death took you away but we will meet in heaven where we shall part no more. You will forever remain etched in our hearts. We love you Uncle Emile. From Dad, Mum (your only sister) and your nieces and nephew.
As I take note of today's date I recall with mixed emotion how we joyfully celebrated your 65th Birthday last year! It is so hard to write this...it's still strange to think that you are no longer with us in person! Thank God for Jesus and heaven! We know that in your transition to heaven you will have been gladly received with the words "well done good and faithful servant". In life and death you continue to point to the source of eternal life! We use today to give God thanks for your life! You are dearly missed! Love you, your daughter Beryl.
It is hard to accept that physically you are no longer here Emile.  Thanks for all your encouragement from Freshman to Qualifying Year, FBC.  We can never forget you as each of us Second Career Students in that class, treasured the difference you meant to us.  Our consolation is in the fact that' the Lord gave, and He taketh away, Blessed be the Name of the Lord'.  Rest In Perfect Peace
At the Grammar School, Emile and I bonded very well, not so much because we both came from the East End of Freetown and we both belonged to the noble Quintus House, but because we took many B.K courses together to the extent that he would provoke me, calling Rev. Mohammed.  Indeed, when we took the GCE 'O" level exam only Emile and I passed the subject that year.  We have remained in contact ever since.  Even though he was living in UK and I am living in the USA, he will always send me my Christmas Card.  If I call his house and I cannot talk to him I will tell his wife, "Tell him Rev. Mohammed Cole called".  On one such occasion, I had to explain to his wife the origin of that name.  Canon Emily Jones was a true friend and I will surely miss Him.  May he rest in perfect peace and may light perpetual always shine on him. Alhaji Dr. Mohammed Leadi Cole
I attended the Prince of Wales school where Biblical studies was not taught. It was "Emile," as we fondly called him who encouraged and inspired me to take Biblical studies at Fourah Bay College. He said "Silas, if you like reading subjects, it does not matter whether you took B.K. in school or not, you can make it in the department." I took his advice and had the best grade in Biblical studies among my other subjects. His is an indelible legacy and I will continue to treasure happy memory of this role model; a gentleman and a dedicated child of God. May his good works live on as he rests in the tender and loving arms of Jesus. Indeed, you are gone but not forgotten!
Emile was a lovely person who never had a bad word to say about anyone.  He encouraged people to live their lives through Jesus. He will be sorely missed. RIP Emile. D. Wilson
ڿڰۣ✿Rest In Peace✿ڿڰۣ¸.•*´  "REST IN PARADISE BROTHER EMILE"  ✿ڿڰۣ¸.•*´  - A Valiant Trinitonian.  You will be deeply missed and you will never ever be forgotten, till we all meet again one sweet blessed day.ڿڰ✿ڿڰۣ¸.•*´
Emile, we will miss your quiet and profound spirit of Christ-like love towards all. You were always an inspiration to us. Ron and I will never forget your musical, literary and academic talents. But most important of all, we will never forget the consistent presence of the Holy Spirit in you. With a friendship spanning decades on in this world, we look forward to a joyful reunion in Heaven at the feet of Jesus.
The memory of the righteous will be a blessing, Proverbs 9 verse 7.
This tribute was added by Ola Macauley on 31 July 2015 Emile and I attended the Regents Square Municipal in Freetown.  On my 50th Birthday I received a book from Emile with the names of all the other students in our class.  I was surprised that he remembered everyone and I was grateful for this birthday present.  I know that one of the things he wanted to do was to set up an Old Pupils Association of our school but because of ill health he was not able to do so. Emile was a gentleman and I know that he is safe in the Saviour's hands.  He will be missed by the Sierra Leonean Community in UK.  May light perpetual shine on him.   Rest in peace my brother.
This tribute is to my Old Testament Lecturer in Fourah Bay College, part of the University of Sierra Leone, the one and only 'Gentleman Jim', the Rev. Canon Emile Jones.  Ours was a class of second career civil servants who received great encouragement from Emile. My heart goes out to his beloved wife and the children.  My deep regret is our paths did not cross again once he and the family had to live in England.  Today as a Called and Ordained Pastor of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of America, I am grateful for all Courses he taught and laying the foundation for a fresh career in the Church after my retirement .  May God grant him eternal rest.
Emile was a brother, a friend and life changer. He made jokes come alive and never forgets those old childhood fun times. He cherished    the past as much as the present, and lived a life that give glory to God. Thank you brother for all of the fun, the songs and the jokes and your unending love. God bless you!   Rest in Peace.
My dearest Uncle, indeed your life was a testimony! You lived your life to the fullest given the circumstances. You were always optimistic and hopeful. I would miss your voice which was so unique.  You were always willing to help and you never complained. Uncle, words are not enough to express our sadness at your death. My siblings, cousins and entire family mourn your loss but we are consoled with the fact that you are in Heaven. Rest in Peace my Uncle and namesake.  'Nedum Emilia Enwezor.
Emile had this unique gift of bringing people together. He will be sadly missed. Deepest condolences to the entire family at home and abroad
My heart was broken when I read about the passing of my friend the good Rev Emile Jones. I met Emile when I began my secondary education at the Sierra Leone Grammar School (SLGS). Though we were closer in age, Emile was two grades higher and therefore my senior at SLGS.  He took me under his wing and made sure I became a member of all religious groups. He taught us gospel songs and scriptures during our meetings. At that time, most of the religious groups met during the lunch period.  During the Rev. Otto Palmer administration, we knew that Emile would one day become a Head Boy just like his older brothers. He groomed himself for the position. I am proud to have called him my friend because I knew him as a very unassuming person, who showed us that he had a true love for people and who greeted everyone with an easy smile. Emile was a gentleman, always cordial and always polite. He was indeed true to his call. I am heartbroken at the loss of someone who touched so many with an inspirational spirit. Clifton Oju Sawyerr
The Lord used Emile to touch many lives, we will miss him. May his soul rest in perfect peace. Becky.
When we worked together in Sierra Leone leading the Gospel Youth Singers, Emile was the backbone of our group. When I took my son to meet him in London, we had such a refreshing time singing together. He was frail then, but God gave us so many more years. I am more of a woman of God for the inspiration God gave me through Emile.  Father, thank you for the privilege of having known Emile and for what he added to my life. I look forward to our reunion on that side. Dorris
Emile was a pillar in my Jesus experience, a back bone for GYS. An inspiration and my hero. The memory of his cheerful, infectious smile, inclusiveness and love for others, will live in my heart and soul eternally. I always wanted to play and make music effortlessly (it seemed to me), like him. Love you my brother, and GYS forever!!!
This candle is being lite by Me (Tammy) for My Dad who Passed away on March 10, 2015... Please feel free to leave Your Tribute if You like....  RIP James Jones Jr.. I Love and miss You Bad it kill's Me more and more each day I have to go without seeing You and hearing Your Beautiful Voice..
Missing you very much.August 5th was a very sad day.It would have been your 63rd birthday but you was not here to celebrate.I miss you more and more as each day passes.I find peace in knowing  that you are resting peacefully and not bothered with all the troubles of the world today.I will always love you my sweet sister and miss you dearly.There will never be another sister like you.Rest in peace my love!!
My dear sister in heaven it has been a minute since I have shared anything so I just wanted to say that I miss you so much and will always love you.May you rest in eternal peace my love!!
Mama I'm just sitting here in my bed looking at my kids thinking about you wish you was still here I know if you was you would be here telling me I don't know where your kids came from they act like they from another planet as you and Diane talk on the phone mama I wish you was still here it is so hard trying to walk in your foot steps I tried but I see them some big shoes to fill for real mama life is so hard here without you I know I might sound selfish but I wish god could've waited and let you teach me a lil bit more I know you looking down over all of us  I feel like I'm nothing without you I feel like my world has came to a end without you here telling me no let go and let god handle it mama you was the glue/duct tape in da family and now that you not here we just washed away I was looking at you and Diane pic to at her birthday party I wish I can get that day back I'll take whatever day as long as it's with you love you mama
missing you very mucn my dear sister.I Know you must have lots of company up there in heaven with mom,dad,bobo and pokey.miss you all very much and love you always
HI MY DEAR SISTER,IT'S BEEN  A MINUTE SINCE I BEEN HERE.JUST WANTED TO SAY I MISS YOU VERY MUCH.THERE'S NOT A DAY THAT GOES BY THAT I DON'T THINK OF YOU.I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH AND MAY YOU REST IN PEACE!!
Hey,mama, I just want to say,I miss you so much,I just want to thanks for being the best mama, you could possibly be. I have no regrets. If I could I would do it all over again. Mama,your baby boy,miss you so much, my heart,hurts daily, trying to fill,that missing void,in my life. You're the best and I will always love you.LOVE FLICK
TODAY WOULD HAVE BEEN YOUR 61st BIRTHDAY.ALTHOUGH YOU ARE NOT HERE WITH US,I CAN FEEL YOUR LOVING PRESENCE EVERYDAY.I MISS YOU MORE THAN WORDS CAN EXPRESS.SO I'M WISHING YOU A HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALL THE WAY TO HEAVEN...GONE BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN MY  SWEET SISTER!
Rest in peace!!
missing you very much my sweet sister.these three weeks has been hard  but god  has really given me lots of strength and understanding in which I am so thankful for and blessed.
To my dear sister mary,words cannot express how much i love and miss you.although you are gone too soon,i find peace in knowing that you are now resting in the arms of christ.i thank you so much for always being there for my daughter and i.you will forever live on in my heart.rest in peace and i miss you so much "mae-lee".
Remembering you today...Never forgotten...
Gone, but never forgotten. I love you my brother. Forever.
You will always be remembered...
To The Family Of Sister Helen L. Jones.....My most deepest heartfelt sympathy goes out to you. As a dedicated woman of the Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist Association, Helen worked faithfully and was a servant of God. I was blessed to have worked, known, and been a friend to Sister Jones. My condolences, Sandra H. Hawthorne
To The Family of Sister Helen L. Jones The Women Auxiliary of the Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist Association wish to express their condolences. Sister Jones' dedicated service will be missed. Family, we pray that you will rely upon the Heavenly Father for comfort and strength to sustain you during this time of grief. Sister Mae Slaughter, Women's President  Sister Pearlie Thomas, First Vice President Sister Sandra H. Hawthorne, Second Vice President Mount Calvary Missionary Baptist Association
We send our love and will continue to pray on your behalf that God's peace be upon you.  The Arnold family (Faye)
Our Heartfelt sympathy for the Family of Sister Helen L. Jones, May God Be With you during your time of Sorrow and forever more. Cary &amp; Mertis Jones.
He was one of the sweetest nephew's an aunt could have
Rest in peace
Happy heavenly Birthday to my darling husband: Jerry L. Jones. March 11, 1948 - October 11, 2014. It's very hard to forget someone when they gave you so many reasons to remember them. I will always remember and love you.
In Loving Memory of my husband Jerry. Those we love don't go away, they walk beside us every day. Unseen, unheard, but always near. It's was four years on October 11, 2018, since you went home to be with the Lord. God has you in His Arms and although we are apart your Spirit lives within me, I think of you all the time. You will forever be in my heart. The memories we made together will never go away. Forever loved, forever missed.
We little knew that day that God was going to call you home. In life we loved you dearly. In death we do the same. It broke our hearts to lose you, you did not go alone;  for part of us went with you, the day God called you home. You left us peaceful memories, your love is still our guide, and though we cannot see you, you are always at our side. Our family chain is broken, and nothing seems the same, but as God calls us one by one, the chain will link again.  Author: Ron Trammer
Jerry you have been gone on to glory two year on  October 11, 2016 and I miss you so much. You will always be in my heart. I will always love and miss you. Continue to watch over me as I know you do everyday..
August 19, 2016 On Angels Wings you were taken, but in my heart you will stay forever.
Forever in my heart
When I told him and his wife of an upcoming surgery they prayed for me. I was scared but felt a calm just knowing they were praying for me. He is missed.
Happy Birthday Jerry. May you rest in Heaven in Peace and love. I miss you so much and you will forever be in my heart.
Today is July 20, 2015. Jerry has been gone home to be with the Lord for over nine months and I miss him just like he just left yesterday. I will forever love and miss him.
Remember her Birthday! Today. My mother died n 2014. To bear witness to all that was good and kind and loving about ours mother Marion Jones, she lived a full, good and blessed life.bring Joy and Love to all she met. Since she been gone I been out of myself and into my thoughts since she been gone. My prayer for mercy are no longer keeping me awake I still live... I still love... I still am because of you. I have more faith, I believe I am better, I am wiser, I am much stronger. Where you are. Watch over me. And until ours eyes meet again dearest mother, until I am where you are above, beyond and over the clouds until then, know your heart beats in mine, Sweet Dreams, and Happy Birthday .
A tribute to my Mother My mom wasted no time assembling a large family when she married my Dad. She bore 8 children, 6 boys, 2 girls. I remember lots of laughter in ours home When growing up. Mom enjoyed cooking and baking. I remember the scent. Of fry chicken,pinto beans,cornbread and. Old fashioned sugar cake, she were diagnosed with colon cancer, and kidney failure n 2010. She live with me until God timing intervened. there's so many things I wish I could have shared with my mother.But I want to thank mom for all she taught us. About life,love,laughter,giving, and been happy.and the legacy she left.We will miss her. Until the day we see her again and will hold her in ours heart forever, Those of us who have had the good fortune to have good mothers can surely be called fortunate. These pass month has been the most difficult of my life.
HEY GIRL, IT'S BEEN 3yrs. SINCE YOU LEFT OUR'S LIVES. IT'S BEEN A LITTLE OF A BUMPER RIDE. BUT GOD HAS BROUGHT US THROUGH.  MIRACLE, MISSES YOU OH SO MUCH. WELL TALK AGAIN SOON...
IN LOVING MEMORIES OF MY DAUGHTER--MARVALLA  LYNNETTE JONES--  IT HAS BEEN JUST OVER A YEAR SINCE YOUR PASSING, BUT THE GRACE OF GOD,  HE AS KEPT MIRACLE AND PRISCILLA. SAFE IN HIS LOVING ARM. THING ARE COMING TOGETHER PRETTY GOOD, JOHNETTE TRIPLETT, HAS BEEN A BIG HELP TO WITH MIRACLE.   SO UNTIL NEXT TIME WE TALK.... OH BY THE WAY MIRACLE WILL BE GRADUATING IN JUNE.
Rest in peace Mama,  I know you're surrounded by so much love, warmth &amp; probably a few giggles.  I know you're in a peace that passes all understanding. I almost envy you, I hope to see you &amp; all our beloved ones someday.  xxxooo I love you, Kellatha
I love you Mom. I miss you and knowing you are In heaven with Daddy gives me solace. Until we meet again. Love your daughter, Kristin
You touched my life and that of my family and you will be in our hearts forever.
You are forever missed, My Love. You were the light of my life.
Today  March 15/ 2019.... on  March 15th 2010 you left us  with you golden wings... I never forget you and think of you every day...:(
Hi dad, just here to hello and hope you had a nice Birthday in heaven &lt;3 March 12th / 2019 Miss you SO much it hurts
It is now 2017...I miss you dad as much as the day I lost you...my heart forever hurts :(
I love you dad and miss you so much...always on my mind and never will you leave my heart....love from daughter Karen
Love you millions grandpa and miss you above above and beyond,forever and ever!!! Xxxoo
Happy 70 birthday Mam Love and miss you so much Hope you all together celebrating  All our love Julie xxx
3 days today Mam you went Miss you so much Words can’t express  Xxx
Happy birthday Mam Miss you so much Xxxx
2  years ago you slipped away from us holding my hand. You asked me never to forget you, I never will It still doesn't feel real  Love you forever Mam xxx
happy birthday Mam I think about and miss you every day Will love you forever Xxx
Mam it's been 1 year since you left us. You will never know the hole you have left in our lives. I miss you just as much now as then. I will always love you and will never forget you All my love Julie  Xxxxxxx
Happy birthday mam I miss you so much I love you and will never forget you Xxxx
You will never be forgotten mam  All our love Xxxx
RIP, Dontae.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SON You're so loved n missed daily. Give your brothers Hugs n Kisses from Mama xoxoxoxoxo
This is the 1st I even knew about this page Son, that shows ya how much I get on this thing. I Love n miss you so very much. The pain I carry losing your brother Charlie then you and now Adam. What about that whole God won't give you more than you can handle...ughh I just know that the world was a much brighter place with you in it. All 3 of you better be huggin each other for me. The greatest part of my life was being your Mom, ALL 3 OF YOU. Love til we meet Ma
My Son, the years continue to move forward but for me it seems like time continues to stand still.  Everyday, I look forward to hearing your voice and telling me of your day/week, planning an outing together and sharing of stories.  You will always be the center of my heart and always loved (forever)……..RIP my son……..DAD
2 years already and it still feels so unreal! It's so hard still to even believe that you are really gone I guess they say time helps heal but I don't think it ever changes the void everyone feels when they think of you. One thing I do know is not a day goes by that you are not missed and loved by so many and I want to say that I miss you so much! RIP Andrew I know you and Charlie are together missing you both is so hard but one day we will all meet again until then rest in Paradise Love Always Tt
We miss you more then ever! I still can't believe you aren't here. No season is the same without your smile. Watch down on all of us from heaven! Ball In Paradise!!!
It’s going on two years now….I have only pictures of you; Frozen time that reminds me of you- my amazing &amp; remarkable son; I remember your smile, laughter, and full of life; Oh how much I miss you; I ache of you not being here each &amp; everyday, much unbearable but somehow I make it through another day; The loss of you aches in my heart and mind deeply; Your life was taken too soon and we didn’t get the chance to see you grow and become the amazing person I knew you would become but continue to watch and take care of family from on high and leave no doubt that you were loved and missed always and forever………DAD
Happy birthday drewski. We all still miss you more than ever. Ball in paradise as you did here with us. Turn Up!!!
oday is your birthday...sure wish u were here to enjoy it but i know u turnin up in heaven!! we miss you everyday bro!! much love always!! life gone to soon! continue watchin over us!! say hi to charlie for me! yall my guardian angels!!
Been a year and I still can't believe it.. Rest up bro.... U and Charlie _dollas
Rest in peace. I miss you Drewski!
RIP my dude....spread ur wins ova everybody and protect us....u are truly missed
Sorry for your lost. I will be praying for your family- Cassidy Shelton
I'm missin u like crazy Drew! Ur gone too soon but will never be forgotten!! Tell charlie I say Hi, love u 2!
To have met you was a blessing. Im gonna miss that smile. You could bright up a whole room with your happiness. You'll be missed by many Drew. We all love you and miss you.
R.I.P Cousin
May God keep his everloving arms around Andrew, Jackie, and the entire family.  Know that you are all in my prayers. R.I.P. Andrew, Jr. Love, Frenchy
I will miss you!!! We love you!!! R.I.L. AND PEACE Til we meet again cousin! One love.
R.I.P Andrew.  Gone but not forgotten.
May your soul be passed into another because the world needs more of your beauty I love and will miss you so much. Xoxoxoxo.
R.I.P to the best big brother in the whole wide world love you big bro .... gone but never forgotten
You are reunited with Charlie! Walk together and watch over all of us. You made us all smile and laugh... Some of us learned from you! You are truly a good man and will be missed by so many people! We love you and will see you again... Love Jennica, Izabel, Jaila and Shinelle
R.I.P Andrew ur up in heaven with the angels I know ur watching down on us I will never forget ur smile #GoneButNeverForgotten
I love you big cousin♡ you were always there for me like a brother and protected me you were a wonderful soul and still are rest easy till we meet again tell charlie I said hi and I love him
We will forever miss u!!! All the good times and memories!!! rip angel drew!!!!
You will forever be missed...such a beautiful person to have met❤️
R.I.P. Drew!!
Rest in Paradise my friend. You will forever be loved and missed. Until we meet again.....❤
So blessed to have met u and call u my homie! Rest in paradise ❤❤❤
R.I.H  Andrew Jones Jr   you will be Forever  missed.. from your cousin From Chicago.
I have so much to say to you right now..your an amazing person..always made me laugh..were always kind to me with that big l smile. say hello to my son up there and everyone else..your family your friends your kids will always have you in there hearts..love you friend
Last time I saw him we were eating funnel cakes.. Laughing n dancing in a parking lot to some Mary J. Man I miss you so much homie!! RIP Drew!
Rip drew u will be missed best friend dad and  brother u are always n my heart
U will be missed EVERYDAY bro...REST IN PARADISE DREW
RIP Andrew you are loved and missed by so many and you will always have a place in each of our hearts ❤️
R.I.H you will always and forever be missed I love you Andrew JR this your cousin. From CHICAGO  Gladys Trisha Dwright Dwayne Latoya
I  MISS YOU SO MUCH MOM. AND I LOVE YOU VERY MUCH  Rest in Peace.SUNSHINE
ove you mom so much .i think about you all the time .i konw GOD have you in his arm.i miss you very much.forever miss,your daughter{.PEGGYLEE PENNY}
TO THE JONES FAMILY IN REMEMBERANCE OF YOUR MOTHER MYRTLE S JONES. WHEN SOMEONE YOU LOVE DIES YOU NEVER QUITE GET OVER IT .YOU JUST SLOWLY LEARN HOW TO GO WITHOUT THEM.BUTAIWAYS KEEPING THEM TUCKED SAFELY IN YOUR HEART!!!!!!
WIPE AWAY YOUR TEAR AND DON'T CRY ANYMORE .BE HAPPY THAT. T AM LEAVING YOU .FOR I,M GOING TO BE WITH MY CREATOR.HE HAS CALL ME TO LEAVE WITH HIM.HE DOESN'T WANT TO SEE ME STUGGLE.INSTEAD HE WANT TO SEE ME PRAISING HIM AND TELLING PEOPLE ABOUT HIM .SO PLEASE DONT CRY FOR ME BECAUSE I HAVE LEFT YOU BUT I AM AIWAYS WITH YOU IN SPIRIT{.TITLE} DONT CRY ANY MORE BECAUSE I WILL AIWAYS LOVE YOU.}
Growing up in Lodge Village I remembered this gentleman as one of the  young men we looked up to when he was a Server at Saint Sidwells Church. In later years I met him in NY at one of the Guyana Folk Festival events. He was in group of folks who stood together for a photo opportunity. I may recall that Wordsworth also was in that group photo. He has gone where we also will go some day. Gus
Never to be forgotten: Fuzzy was always a friend indeed, always  reassuring others that life is always worth living. May his soul rest in peace.
Rest in ETERNAL peace my brother
Gone but not forgotten, he is dearly missed. The memories are many
We miss you, keeping wonderful memories of you in our hearts. Rest in blessed peace Uncle Pryor.
William  'Fuzzy' Jones a man among men. Fuzzy was a character. Not to know him is to miss some valuable lessons in life. On this first  death anniversary we the  members of the GEPAOA would like to acknowledge his contribution.
Sleep on in eternal peace my brother
I got to know Fuzzy being a member of our Association, and from that time he was always an affable and courteous individual. I was invited to his 79yr birthday party and he surely enjoy himself. He will be missed and may his loving soul rest in peace.
Gone but not forgotton.  May your soul rest in peace and rise to everlasting life in Christ.
WE HAD A BRIEF FRIENDSHIP WHEN I FIRST MET YOU IN 1952 AND ALTHOUGH MANY YEARS PASSED UNTIL I MET YOU IN NEW YORK THAT FRIENDSHIP REMAINED .  YOUR PASSING WAS A SHOCK.  I WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER YOU. MAY THE GOOD LORD BLESS AND KEEP YOU UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN.
Uncle Pryor, we love you, missing you so much. Thank you for the wonderful memories; your parties, for the joy of dancing with you (especially three-step!), for your being a father to me here in the United States. You are forever in my heart. May your wonderful soul rest in peace.
William Jones was known to all his friends as "Fuzzy." The call name truly depicted the person I came to know. Fuzzy had a charm and smile that I will always remember. I happen to dance with Fuzzy Ole Years' night at Africa House and I said to him Fuzzy you must have been a great dancer back in the days he said " girl if only you know." Not knowing that it would have been my first and last dance with him.  Fuzzy will be greatly missed by all his friends and associates. May eternal light forever shine on Fuzzy. R.I.P.
From: Mr. &amp; Mrs. Oscar James To: William 'Fuzzy' Jones 1.    A true and dependable man in many instances. 2.    Fuzzy like Alison Fredericks was a resident guardian of  609 E 53rd Street  Brooklyn. The Guyana Ex-Police Association building for many years. 3.    Fuzzy and Richard Goodluck developed a friendship and kinship that was more than admirable. 4.    Fuzzy used his endearing and affable personality to help make all of the Ex-Police Association of Guyana functions very successful.
Gone but not forgotten. His life will always be a shining example to those with whom he associated.He will be surely missed. May his soul rest in everlasting peace.
Fuzzy you were a friend who always had a positive way of sharing. I know that you and "JB" must be having a grand time over there.  I will forever LOVE and MISS you. Rest in peace.
William "Fuzzy" Jones was a friend to everyone and you knew it.  He was one of the first to let me know that I was doing a wonderful job as WO.  I will miss him.  May his soul rest in eternal peace.
Farewell My Brother,  You have been an inspiration to many including me. I mourn your passing which has left a void that cannot be filled. You were truly a giant of a man who always created a positive impression. To say you will be terribly missed is definitely an understatement. Rest in the arms of the LORD. Farewell My Brother.   Amos A. Britton, Member of Guyana Ex-Police Association of America.
Farewell my brother may your soul rest in peace
I miss you today as much as I missed you the day you departed this life 39 years ago. Our daughter still can’t hardly speak of you without crying. She misses and loves you so much.  Someday we will be reunited.  I’ll always love you. No other can or will take your place.  You are my one and only. You are my soul mate.
You are missed and loved.  I can never forget you.  Our love for each other will always live.
Miss you as much today as yesterday love you xxx
Always in our thoughts x
I miss you everyday dad xx
Thinking of you today and always. Xx
The years may pass but you will always be remembered and sadly missed. Love and best wishes to your family xx from Sharon xx
Thinking of you and your family today. Greatly missed. Sharon, x
Dad I miss you just as much today as yesterday. Happy Birthday  Love karen and Terry xx
2 years already not a day goes by when I don't think of you.
I only knew him for a short while, he was a lovely man x
Happy Birthday dad love and miss you xx
Candles are burning for you and John xx
A year today since you left us xx
Uncle Billy, You are sadly missed by everyone, you were a big part of our lives. I know that you are up there making everyone laugh and having a good time. XX
Miss you so much x
Uncle Billy, Small in stature but gigantic in life. Miss you so much but we know you're too far away. Sleep well xxx
Love you always x
Dear Grandma,  U r truley missed.... U was a very strong woman.... U showed ur family how things should be done...like how to take care of ur family, be independent and not to rely on anyone but urself...I will always love u and cherish u with all my heart...R.I.P. GRANDMA...
Dear son I miss you so much there is not a day I don't think about you.i put you up a Christmas tree,my heart is still broken.i am so sad. thank you for watching over your sister she has been clean for three months.i wish I could just hold you for one last time.i need you so bad.i love you so much.your sister dee is having a hard time with you being gone.mommy loves you .I am still mad at you why son.it kills me everyday .no one knows I cry everynite .it still hurts real bad I will never be the same .remember you told me when I leave you will meet me at the gates,mommy will wright to you tmorrow good nite my boy I sent a bunch of kisses and hugs to you.love you mommy
Dear son,its easter today and I sure do miss you so much ,a lot has been going on..people are dying like flies out here .your sister is in rehab ,please keep watching over her,i still can't believe your gone it kills me every day I am so unhappy I still am upset with you why eddie why I try to help you I wanted you to go to rehab I told you I would help you,it kills me I will never get over this.i miss your sweet face,you were my only son I need you so bad.i did'ent even get t say good bye that's what hurts the most,i still can't understand why,just always remember I love you with every breath I take ,if only I could have one wish would you come home to me .it gets harder and harder every day I am so lost and unhappy .I sometimes scream at you and ask why .one day I guess I will know when I see you.i hope your in peace.know more pain,mommy loves you son.as I am writing tears are just pouring goodnite son I will write to you in the morning.
my dear son.mommy misses and loves you very much.i still can't believe your gone.i am still so mad at you for leaving me,i was  suppose to leave first not you.why son it still hurts me everyday of my life.i will never get over it .I guess I am ok I know your looking down on me watching over me.i hope your ok.i will see you again and hold you again.i just want to touch you and hold you and kiss you.my boy you will never be forgotten.i will love you till I take my last breath and then I will be with you at last.i miss your smile your joking around calling me staying with me.i miss you there is not a day or nite I don't think about you.i am a very sad and hurting person since I lost you.i try to smile and act like I am ok but son really I am not,r.i.p. I will write you later on day I can't stop crying I just want to see you.i love you son mom
I LOVE YOU SON
my son i need you so much,i am so lost ,my heart is dying on the inside .i miss you so much.i love you son.i don't want to go on any more ,i try i wish i could see mattie bear.life is not fair.i think about you every min of the day.r.i.p my love untill we meet again mommy loves you
My SON.SORRY MOMMY HAS NOT WROTE TO YOU IN A WHILE ALOT OF THINGS ARE GOING ON PLEASE WATCH OVER YOUR SISTER DEE .I NRRD YOU SO BAD.I NEED TO TALK TO YOU,YOU WERE THE ONLY ONE WHO WOULD LISTEN BESIDES YOUR SIS ALETA.I CAN'T CRY TO HER ALL THE TIME.I SIT AND CRY BY MY SELF.I CALLED TO TALK TO YOUR DAUGHTER BUT NEVER GET A PHONE CALL BACK.I KNOW IF YOU WERE HERE I WOULD TALK TO HER ALL THE TIME A COUPLE TIMES A DAY. YOU WOULD CALL ME AND SAY MOM MADDISON WANTS TO TALK TO YOU .I MISS HER TO I WOULD LOVE TO SEE HER NOT ONLY YOUR GONE BUT SO IS SHE.YOUR DAD GETS TO SEE HER.NOT FAIR NOTHING IS GOING GOOD FOR ME.EVER SINCE YO UR GONE EVERYTHIG IS NOT SO GOOD.WHY SON OH WHY DID YOU HAVE TO LEAVE US..PLEASE WATCH OVER ME I NEED IT.I GOT SO MEAN AND I DON'T CARE ABOUT NOTHING ANYMORE.I LOST THE MOST LOVING AND WOUNDERFUL SON.MY HEART WILL NEVER BE THE SAME.I CAN'T BREATH RIGHT  NOW.I DON'T GET TO SEE ALEXA EITHER NOT FAIR. I LOVE MY KIDS AND GRANDKIDS SO VERY MUCH.I TALK TO COLBY HE IS SUCH A GOOD BOY.I MISS HIM .I DON'T GET TO SEE MY GRAND KIDS THAT MUCH.I AM SO LOST I DON'T NO WHAT TO DO.WITCH WAY TO GO.THEY SAY IT GETS EASY THAT IS NOT TRUE.IT GETS HARDER AND HARDER.TELL MY DAD I MISS HIM TO.LHE ALSO LEFT ME ALONE.I WAS A DADDYS GIRL.EVER ONE I WAS CLOSE WITH I8S GONE.I WORRIE ABOUT YOUR SISTERS DEE AD ALETA.ALETA IS ALWAYS TELLING ME TO MOVE WITH HER,I CAN'T ITS NOT FAIR FOR HERTO TAKE CARE OF ME.I WILL DO WHAT I HAVE TO DO.I JUST WANT TO SEE YOU ONE LAST TIME .I JUST WNT TO HOLD YOU OH SO BAD IT HURTS.ITS SO BAD EDDIE THE DRUGS ARE REAL BAD KILLING ALOT OF YOUNG KIDS..I WISH I8 COULD HELP OTHER PEOPLE WITH THERE DRUG ADDIC.ITS PURE HELL LOOSING YOUR CHILD.I CAN'T EXPLAIN..YOU HAD A LONG LIFE AHEAD OF YOU.WHY DID YOU NO LISTEN TO MOMMY.IF YOU WOULD OF LISTEN TO ME YOU WOULD STILL BE HERE WITH US OH GOD.;I AM STILL UPSET WITH YOU SON.THAT DOES NOT MEAN I DON'T LOVE YOU..I AM NUM.BUT REMEMBER MOMMY LOVES YOU TO THE MOON AND STARS AND BACK.R.I.P.BABY BOY I MISS YOU ,MOMMY WILL WRITE TO YOU TOMORROW.GOOD NITE MY LOVE MOMMY.
Good Morning Son.i got up thinking about you .sure do miss you so much.i hope your ok.you know mom always worrieing about everything.i wish i could talk to you..tomorrow is sunday not a good day.i hope you and your love ones are having fun.one day i will see you and hold you in my arms.and touch your beautiful face.i wish i could call you in hevenits still very painful still hurting real bad.i cry all the time.i was so happy when you use to come over and spend time with me.now very very sad and lost.its harder and harder every day.so who ever said it was easy they lied.i try to stay strong but its really hard.i lost a good son,father,dad,brother,friend.i hear your voice everday,saying mom i love you .it brings tears to my eyesthe hurt and pain will never go away.i miss our long talks.i am not the same person any more.you took a piece of me with you when you left.i carry you with me always.oh eddie how do i go on.its not like loosing a aunt our uncle its my baby boy.i love you R.I.P mommy loves you .
Hi Teddy bear not a good day today .,mommy is very tired  i talked to both of your sisters today,they are ok.i know you are watching over them.i miss you son.did not sleep well last nite ,i'm going to try to lay down i sleep with your pic.i kiss you every nite.i miss your sweet face,this is my special place i come to talk to you.the pain i have will never go away..please watch over kayla .i love you son R.W,G, till we meet again good nite my love mommy
Dear Son ,Mommy has not wrote to you in a couple of days,alot going on in my life.i still think about you all day long.i wish i could pick up the phone in call you.i need you so bad.the hurt in pain is still the same .it gets harder every min.of the day..i called sara easter to talk to mattie but she never called me baCK.I KNOW IF YOU WERE HERE you would let me talk to mattie .she called me how many times a day lol.you even let me keep her over nite.oh son i miss you so much.i'm dying inside,don't no how to deal with you being gone.i see you in my dreams ,sitting at the table with me laughing joking around ,puttig nails on mattie oh how i remember you trying to put them on her lol.then you said tell grandma i can't do this i don't no how.lol.me and you sat talked laugh. and cried.i miss your smile your laugh,,your jokes you were so wounderful son.how do i go on.i hope your in peace  i worrie about you so much.i need to know your ok.and i guess i'll never know.i8 sit alone everyday .thinking about you.and asking myself why oh why.i guess i'll never understand untill we meet again.i want to hold you and tell you everything will be okay. i feel like i can't breath.you were not suppose to go before me son.why did you not listen to mommy son.if you would of listen to mr you would still be here with us.i'm still angry with you.but i will always love you to the moon and back.R.I.P. mommy loves you sending hugs and big kisses to you good nite teddybear mommy will see you tomorrow
Dear Eddie not having a good day or nite.your always on my mind.dam son why did you not listen to me .its hard for me to wake up everyday i can't stand this pain .it will never go away.you are on my mind 247 ,this is not fair.you should of still been here ,easter is comming up in 2 days not going to be happy,you just don't no how much momy misses you,i keep hearing your voice telling me mom i love you,they were the last words to me,i cry all the time ,i even break down at work,i can't do this no more i am so angry at you .i wish i could bring you home here with your family,i love you so much. we just got close and now your gone dam not fair.my life has been very hard .i went though so much,but this is the worest. loosing a child its painful i just pray your in peace.no more sickness.rest in peace honey one day i will be with you.i just want to touch you oh so bad.R.I.P. mommy will write to you tomorrow,sending lots of hugs and kisses to you.goodnite my love  mom
Dear Teddybear,its 3.00 in the morning i can't sleep .so mommy wanted to tell you how much you are missed and loved,when i close my eyes the only thing i can see is you .hearing your voice .tellig me its ok mom.i lay in cry myself to sleep.i just want to see you, i need you so bad son.my heart never stops hurting,you will never be forgotton.i cry for you all the time.i sit and think of all the little things you use to say to me.i laugh then i cry,i cry cause your not here and can't say thoes things to me no more.i love you son mommy is to chocked up to finish writing i will write to you tomorrow good nite my boy sending hugs and kisses to you R.I.P goodnite  mom
Good Morning my sweet boy,well it is sunday not a good day for me.my life is a messs son,i just don't want to go on any more .i'm depressed .i live for you guys.i still can't believe your gone,i'll never see you are touch you.talk to you oh my god why ,its not fair eddie .the pain the hurt the sadness .why did i not do something..you said mom i'll be okay,you lied to me.i could of helped you son .now its to dam late.i can never touch you..you were just like me kind and loving,i miss you so much i sit at night alone and cry ,i talk to you,i listen to your voice every day .i kiss you good nite every nite.i sleep with your pic .mommy can't breath right now can't stop crying i'm going to go mommy will write to you tomorrow sending super hugs and kisses to you.I  will write to you tomorrow R.I.P,R.W.G. goodnite teddy bear love you mommy
ove you son miss you so much.goodnite
Dear eddie ,still missing you like crazy .mommy  loves you so much.i am lost i don't know what to do any more ,i,m so sad.heart broken.lost.hurt this pain will never go away.i am so angry at you .if you would of listen to me you would still be here with us.just because i am mad at you does not mean  i don't love you .i miss talking to you .i so much hate the weekends  i cry for you all the time.please guide me son your a angle now.i left off a note to you today .i have a hard time sleeping. i just want to see you so bad i sometimes cant breath.your sis birthday is tomorrow please watch over her.its harder everyday.mommy misses you so dam much.it hurts to breath.i need you.i want to hold you just one more time,god why .R.I.P baby mommy is sending great big hugs and kisses from all of your family.i will writ to you tomorrow .good night teddy beari love you mom.
Dear Eddie mom missed 2 days without writing to you.had problems with your sister dee.its been a night mare.please wath over her.i still think about you every mintune of the day.your always on my mind.oh son how i need you so bad.i wish i could talk to you i am so sad heart broken .i am listing to your voice as i am writing to you.. i hope your resting in peace .yoour with family now i no you and chera are having a ball.i love you son.mommy will never forget you.i love you so much,mommy will write to you tomorrow,R.W.Gi am sending lots of kisses and hugs to yougoodnite my love .love mommy
good evening my love.i have a bad headache tonite.i'm not feeling very well at all.hope you had a b eautiful day with all the love ones in heven.i miss you son i love you .i will write you tomorrow going to try to lay down not sleeoing very well goodnite teddy bear,sending hugs and great big kisses to you R.W.G.LOVE MOMMY
Hi my sweet angle.talked to your sis aleta tonite she misses you so much,she talks to you every day just like i do.it was another long day today.my days seems so long.mommy sure does miss you.i'm in the days thinking this is all a dream.i cry all the time ,why please tell me why.this is not fair.i can't do this no more.i just need to see you son.no one knows how much i cry and hurt so bad.you   are my only son,i sleep like shit.toss and turn all nite .up and down all nite long.i am not at peace,i will never be at piece untill we meet again.one day son i will see you i promise.i don't no how to take the pain awayeven no i know that your in peacr now.i still am angry at you .i'm so sorry eddie.i still can't believe your not here oh god,my life is a reck.i always loved you more then you'll ever know,there is nothing i would not do for you kids.i'm going to see your sister in june the last time i ws there when me and you drove there,and now you can't go i had such a wounderful time with you and aleta,we laugh cried joked arond .you took me to the store you wanted me to get drunk lol.you know i don't drink lol.one beer and i'm drunk lol.your such a sweet loving person there is not a day mommy don't think abou t you.no one can ever take away what we shared it was very special.i sit and think about all the stuff we talked about it makes me smile and then cry,,cause i can;t do that no more.i still talk to you every day ,you just don't answer me backhere are great big hugs and kisses from me to you.mommy will write to you tomorrowR.I,P,  my love .good nite mommy loves you oh so much,
Dear Eddie .you been on my mind all day today,i miss you son.i hope you had a nice day with all the love ones up in heven.i am so tired and worne out,but when i try to go to sleep i can;t i sleep with you pic every nite i kiss you all the time.i carry you with me where ever i go.i not only lost you but my best friend.i still see you sitting in my dining room,having long talks,i sure do miss that .i sit and talk to you may you will answer me back one day,i love you R.I.P .mommy loves yo so very much .i will listen to your voice before i go to bed sending you great big hugs nd kisses from me and your daughter maddisongoodnite love i will write to you tomorrow
hi Son.just got home from work,another long day.i went to go pick up the phone tonite to try to call you ,for got i can.t.oh eddie i;m so lost .dont know if i'm comming our going.i miss you so much.i wish i could talk to you..i hope your okay and your at peace.i am not at peace i am torn up so bad.i sit and cry all the time.it will never be easywhy oh why did it have to be this way .i don't understand there is so many bad people out there and he had to take you not dam fair.i don't no where to turn it hurts real bad.all i do is cry,i really wish i could see you.,my head is really messed up badi don't even want to do anything not even work.the days are really long for me.i don't want to go on.i hope your in a beautiful place.i wish i could bring you home ,where you belong.i love you eddie with every breath i take.i will always love you from the bottom of my heart.i remember you and your sisters were in the back yard lite the leaves on fire .you and dee got in trouble aleta said she did'ent do it .lol.i;m in tears right now i miss you son goodnite mommy loves you great big hugs and kisses to you teddybear.i will write to you tomorrowR.I.P.never for gotten mom
Good Morning Son,did'ent sleep very well last nite,had you on my mind.oh eddie how mommy misses you so much.there is times like i can't breath.my life is not the same any more,i am always so sad.i lost a tone of weight.i talk to your sis aleta every day,she is hurting also.she looks just like you,its hard for me to look at her,i love all ya'll kids with every breath t i take,  she lives so far away ,wish i could see her more.i miss her to.my life is a big mess,i need to talk to you so bad,i use to talk to you a couple times a day.now thats gone now what do i do.oh my god eddie i miss you so bad.i listen to your voice everyday ,i can't believe your gone.i still have everything on my phone you send me,i know i will see you one day,but not soon enough.i wish i could see you now.i know your in peace now,your not sick no more.my heart hurts so bad .,no one will ever know how much.i try to go on but i can't no one understands. i know you understand. did you really think it would be easy.your a angle now ,i know your watching over me.when we were on the floor watching tv you put your arms around me and said dam mom your little ,i put my head on your chest and i felt so safe .thats when i start calling you teddy bear.thats what you felt like..you never had a mean bone in you.such a wounderful person.we both cried together,laugh joked around talked.play fight and getting your sister dee upset lol.i'm so happy we spent time together..i love you .R.I.P. mommy will write to you later
Good morning my love.well its sunday not a good day for me.i am still mad at you eddie,,i do understand how you felt.your sister was the same way .why did;ent you kids listen when i told you things.now your gone,and i can't see you.not fair, you are with me every mintune of the day.this seems like a dream,.i ask god every day why  did you take my son.i love you so much.the pain i have every day will.neve go away.peole keep tellig me it will,.no son  it will never be easy,.i miss you .maddison looks just like you,looking at her is like looking at you.i want to hold you so bad.dam you son.mommy will write to you later crying to much,i can't breath i love you eddie mommy  .
Dear Eddie my son.i got all your paper work back .i am so dam mad at you right now'why son why..i told you i would help you.why did you not listen to me.you been gone 2 months today. i left ballones off with a note .i hope you get it.i can't stop crying dam you son,it should of never happen this way.i talked to sara and your daughter.i am going to see mattie sunday.son i love you so very much ,im still so mad at you.i miss you so much. nknow matter how mad i am at you i will alwats love you.you were such a wounderful perso,father brother a friend a son .i miss our talks we use to have for hours.you cried i cried.i know you loved me.know one can ever take that away.you were special teddy bear,you would call me every nite.we would talk about every thing..no one could ever replace you,you are myhjeart .god why ..it hurts so bad i can't explain,i stay crying all the  time.the day you left is the day my heart is gone,i always looked  forward to sundays .sundays are real hard for me.you were so much like me lol.thats not a bad thing you had a heart of gold just like me.i am sending big hugs and kisses up to heven to you R.I.P. my angle mommy loves you i will write to you tommorow.good night teddy bear.
oni am so mad at myself right now sorry mommy did'ent write to you yesterday .it was my birthday and casey took me to bingo yjen came home and kayla and her friends took me to the casino.it was real late when i came home had to get up and take avery to the dentist.i had a nice birthday cause you where with me.i take you every where i miss you so very much. i'm still sad even know i smile  some times but really i'm not.kiss chera and tell her happy birthday.i talk to your sister aleta everyday.she misses you so much.i break down and cry to her.i will see you one day son, we will be together. i want to touch you ,hold you and tell you everything we be okay.i gave you life and now your gone dam son not fair.you should be here with all of us.i will write to you tomorrow goodnight my boy mommy loves you with every  breath i take..sending hugs and kisses to you from me and maddison
Dear Eddie mommy misses you so much.i am listening to your voice as i'm sitting here writing you still can't believe your gone.i carry alot of hurt right now.i have no heart left it left when you left me.peopke don't understand .everyone tells e i need to go talk to some one what the hell they going to do for me.i talk to you a couple times a day.i am ok talking to you.i want to kiss you oh so much.my birthday is tomorrow ,i dont care it means nothing to me.i just want to see you son.right now nothing elese matters.why oh why son i love you but dam i am mad sad,hurt angry empty.i don't know how much longer i can hang on i'm trying my hardest but i can't let go.its been rough for me.we use to sit and tlk for hours you were the only one that let me see mattie.you use to call me a couple time a day ,i miss that oh so much.tell chera happybirthday and i love her kiss her for me son,i wish for my birthday i could see you one more time.i know your in a better place now,i now your watching over me your mommys angle,it takes me hours after i talk to you to go to sleep.mommy has to work so i will talk to you tomorrow son mommy is sending big hugs and lots of kisses to youR.I.P.mommy loves you good nite angle
hi son .went to see your niece alexa perform annie to night .she was wounderful,it was so good to see her since i have not seen her in a year.i been thinking about you .you been on my mind since you left me.i miss you so very much,i 'm sitting here crying i can;t let go.i want to touch you so bad .why did you have to go i am so mad at you .why .its not fair eddie.my heart will never be the same.dam you eddie why son oh god why.why did you take him from me.i can;t breath ,life is not fair.leave the bad prople here and take the good not dam fair.eddie mommy loves and misses you so much.R.I.P mommy will see you tomorrow goodnite my son,hugs and lots of kisses
My SON.please watch over your sister deanna  she is in hospital not doing well,lwe all miss you so very much.deanna misses you so bad ,she called me screaming and crying she misses the long nites and talks ya'll had.she wou;d get so mad and upset with you when you would call me victoria.lol .i now you were jokieing you use to tell me watch me get dee mad .i would laugh and tell you don't do that lol.i sure do miss you so very much,its harder and harder everyday for me.i cry all the time.i want to see you so bad.just to touh you  again.i want you to hold me like you did .,you said mom everything will be ok. i felt very safe in your arms you felt like a big stuff teddy bear thats why i always called you my teddybear..i don't like sundays that is a very sad day for me.i was use to you and mattie comming over.aand stayinhg for a few days.it made me so happy .i spent a beautiful day with you on thanksgiving.our trip to your sister aleta. was wounderful,i could of not asked for a better person to be wiyh is you my son.remember i wil always love you.alot was taken away from me with you b ut no one could take my love from youour our memories.you are my son no one elese.it will never get any better in till we meet again i will meet you again R.I.P.my boy momy loves you oh so much.can't stop crying sending hugs anhd kisses to you.goodnite love mommy will write to you tomorrow
Good morning teddy bear .going to work ,just wanted to tell you how much i love you and miss you so much.another long day .R.I.P .my baby boy mommy will wtite to you when i get off work big hugs and kisses to you.love mommy
My Sweet boy .another long day without you.not hearing from you talking to ya.dam do i miss you so very much.i;m goining crazy .i am not going to be okay. i think about you all the time you are always on my mind.not a day or mintune goes by your not with me.eddie i know i did shit wrong ,not for you to go .maybe this was a pay back to me.if it was i;m so very sorry.i wish i could of  saved you.i;m dieing inside,it hurts real bad.i kiss you all the time.you will never be forgotten.i come home from work  i sit here and write to you.i take you to work with me you'll never know how much i love you.i cry all te time. mommy misses you .i will write to you tomorrow.i will write to you every day untill i take my last breath.R.I.P. MOMMY LOVES YOU .goodnite my love
My Dear Son,had another bad day today,this is not easy for me .i am so torn apart.its like a bad dream,i wish i could wake up in you would be here,oh eddie how i miss you so bad i cant5 stand the pain .i always loved you no matter what anyone said.you were such a good boy.i can't breath i cry for you always,i can only hope you new how much i loved youi want to see you so bad, i dont sleep well.i wish i could bring you back home,life is not fair,i'll never stop hurting.i kiss you every day. i listen to your v0oice all the time,i don't know what to do.i am lost son you will never be forgotten .the worse day of my life is getting that phone call .why did'ent i see you ,i talked to you that nite.i wish there was a phone in heven ,i would be calling you all the time.its 3.00 in the morning cant sleep .i love you so very much son.mommy promise you i will write to you everyday.teddybear mommy loves and misses you so very much.R.I.P .LOVE YOU MOMMY
Well son another long day not talking to you.i;m still hurting the pain will never go away.i kiss you everyday i talk to you .i hope you can hear me.i know your my angle.i want to see you so bad.i miss you so very much.the pain i feel will never go away..i hope your in a better place.r.i.p my teddy bear momy loves you so much.you are with me 24 7 you are always on my mind.why did you have to go,its not fair.i am so dam mad at you.but i will see you again and till we meet again mommy loves you so,so very much.i wil see you again.remember you are to meet me at the gate lol.good nite son.mommy will talk to you tomorrow  i love you mom
Hi Son ,been missing you all day can't get5 you off my mind .i can't stop crying still lost.still hurt still empty.nothing will ever be the same.oh how i miss seeing your face..i am so lost,i need you,why did you have to go its not fair.my only son is gonebut you will never be fogotten,i love you so much teddy bear ,i'm sending all my hugs and kisses to heven to you.R.I.P SUNSHINE MOMMY LOVES YOU SO VERY MUCH.LOVE MOMMY
Hey brother.. I'm so heartbroken. Everyday I think I'm just in a very bad dream and I'm gonna wake up hearing you say"don't be silly sis"! Oh I wish I could see you your sweet face one more time, there are so many things I wish I would have told you! Brother you were a great brother, friend,son and daddy. The bond we shared will never be forgotten:( nobody will ever know just how deep our relationship was even though we were so far apart:( Eddie you-took a  piece of me with you on that horrible day that you left us! Until I see my sweet brothers face again always know just how much we all love and miss you brother.                                                                  Until next time                                                                   Goodnight:)                                                                   Love always and forever                                                                       "Sis"
Good morning teddybear.I mis s you so  much.on my way to work.have a beautiful  day.r.I.p.mommy loves you so very much.
Dear son.its sunday this is the time you would be here with me,i sure do miss the hell out of you,i can't get you off my mind.i'm so lost.i need you son more then you'll ever know.i know your here with me.i hear your voice.i talk to you all the time .you were such a good man, good father. know one will ever take your place,i promise you that.you were such a wounderful person warm loving caring person I guess you took after me for that lol.why did you go son why. I don't understand.i did not bring you into this world for you to just leave,i'm hurting real bad.my heart is gone without you  there is nothing left.i sit here and think when you said to me I will not be here long mom I said eddie don't say that,and you just laught at mei know your in a better place.till we meet again son remember you said you will meet me at thegate.i love you so very much R.IP. tell chera I love her .I am sending hugs and kisses up to heven mommy loves you.
Eddie i miss you so much ,i can't breth right now oh god how i want to see you touch you .i am so lost with out you.i don't know how i can go on..you are such a special person and a father and great son.you brough such happyness to my life why did you have to leave me.it should of been me not you. i should not be loosing a child.i can't not explain the pain.your last words to e was mom i love you.son you took after me for your warm loving heart .you had a big heart just like me lol.you were such a great father mattie misses you so much. i love you son.you will never be forgotten happybirthday rip .mommy loves you
Daddy,. I think of you often and miss you even though our time together was not a lot there are memories of you that I will never forget. I love you Always, Terri
Dear Daddy, I am remembering you on your birthday and thinking about what my life would have been like if I had grown up with you in my life everyday.  The things we could have shared, the bonding we could have had, the father/daughter things we could have done by you just being there.  I know you were the best Dad you could be given the circumstances and I love you and will always love you.  Happy Birthday!! Love Always, Your daughter Terri
Happy father day my love May you rest in peace  Amen
Good morning Mr.Clifton Monroe Jones  This is the day that the Lord has made . Amen  And this remembering you day of when you went to your resting place. In heaven may the Good Lord bless and keep you  Amen
Hi there my first love happy anniversary and veteran day with .  RIP
Hi there my first love happy anniversary and veteran day with .  RIP
Hi there my first love happy anniversary and veteran day with love I have added a photo of you today . Sunday Noverber the 13, 2016 RIP
Pinky I would like to wish you a happy Valentine's Day with love  From Alberta
Missing you my friend what a wonderful dream I had this morning. Rest in peace .
Rest in Peace in Remembering you on this day !!! My belatedly husband . Love you .  Your wife Alberta V . Jones
Glory be to God  Amen Glory Glory Your light have shined upord me Forevermore Wishing A very Happy Birthday my Love of my Life . May God Bless You and shine upond you!! In those heaven above .God Is my everything .
Hi My Beloved just came to say Happy Valentines Day And that I Miss You very very Much Just To hear those word Like Honey I am Home God Bless You Sweet Heart !!!
You will always be missed..
RIP, Johnny.
Four painful years have passed. I love and miss you. Aunt G
My deepest sympathy to the family and friends of Charles Jones. May you find comfort in knowing our Heavenly Father holds out the hope of the resurrection for our dead loved ones. His son, Jesus, said "all those in the memorial tombs will hear his voice and come out". John 5:28,29. Our loved ones are in God's memory and one day he will resurrect them to a paradise earth. Psalm 37:9,10,11,29. Job 15:13-15 says he has a yearning to do so. Isn't that comforting to know? Revelation 21:3,4 says that one day on this earth, death will be no more, neither will pain or mourning be any more.
God bless you all from Teddy, Tammy and Tedrickus Morris.
He is a angel home with Jesus  watching over us. May he rest in Peace. Prayers and thoughts with the family. Sister in Christ.
May those beautiful yesterdays help to ease the sadness and may you find comfort in knowing that God is near and so are those who love you to the Jones and Morris family
My thoughts and prayers goes out to the Morris and Jones family.
Miss u so much.. love u ..
Happy Birthday Aunt Brenda!! Not a day goes by mom and I don’t talk about you! Things here are so diffferent since u left us! We miss you so much!!
Happy birthday grandma, i miss you so much. Not a day goes by that i dont think of you, i wish my kids would have got to meet you, everything sure would be different . You were right time flys by, just yesterday you were sitting at the table w your coffee an ciggs making a grocery list or cooking. I sure wish you was here you always seemed to have a plan to fix everything. I love an miss you so so so so much. Enjoy yourself w one of your wine coolers you deserve it an so much more
Mom .. it's been 3 years today since u had to go away.. I miss u so much .  Love u too the moon and back.
Mom miss u sooo  much .. I love u .
Love u mom. Miss u like crazy
Happy Birthday Mom. Love u . miss u much.
Miss u.
Hey Grandma I know it been along time but it hard to think about your gone and I have a confession I don't talk to Grandpa anymore cause in the the back of me head I think it will make it easyer when he has to go, but its not going to help. I love you and I will never stop. I so sorry I didn't come see you.
Miss u like crazy
Hello mum Its Been 16 years and I still love&amp; miss you ..sing with your pretty voice to all the others xxx..Laura..xx
HaPPY Birthday Ma ! Sing with dad tosh mick babs carol &amp; gill &amp; all yr family xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Hello Mum ..15 years ago today you left to be with dad &amp; Tommy ..but now sadly Mick &amp; Barb have joined you hope your all singing &amp; happy ......Love You All Lots .....Laura XxX
Hello Mum X Be up Soon X
Happy 97th Birthday Mum ...Love &amp; Miss You xxxxxx
Thinking of you mum today Xx
my mum X
Forever in my heart Rest In Peace love you Pam
Love and miss you always pam
My heart is broken love and miss you always pam
J eff i love and miss you its seems like yesterday not a year it still hurts so much i think of you every day and wonder how i will make it to the next. i miss your smile your jokes and when you would tell meeverything will be ok love always pam
fghbmbglihbxvniogdsas yiu                                                   sdrftyaetdfzrfsdrtyutrcdxfdgygd
Jeff if tears could build a stairway and memories a lane I would walk right up to heaven and bring you home again. Forever in my heart and never forgotten.               All my love pam
I am heartbroken to find out about Bob's passing.  He was a beloved friend and confidant, who I will miss dearly.  Bob and I had been friends for the pass four plus years and spent many good times together.  It is rare to encounter intelligence, a great sense of humor, thoughtfulness, and graciousness in one person, but Bob had all these qualities.  He was a true gentleman and a good friend.  I will always remember him.   I send my condolences to his family, who he loved very much.  He would talk of his children with such pride, and of his mother who was so often in his thoughts.  May he rest in peace.
Along with Ashley, I worked closely with Bob for three years.  I could always depend on Bob for his hard work and how much he contributed to the success of our team.  We truly valued his knowledge and ability to juggle so many tasks at the same time.  He was always kind to me and I valued his friendship. His wit brought us laughter in stressful times.  I know he was so very proud of his children and he shared this with us often.   I am so sorry he is gone and will miss him.  Please know just how much his close work team will miss him as a valued teammate.  You all are in my thoughts and prayers...so very sad...
I worked with Bob for the last four years.  I am saddened by his loss, he was an amazing person.  A man of few words, he was an incredibly hard worker that you could always count on.  I loved his dry sense of humor. You will all be in my thoughts and prayers as you deal with his loss.  If I can do anything to help out on the Kansas end of things please let me know I would be glad to help.  mcguire200@yahoo.com
I have never actually met Bob in person, but feel like I knew him and will definitely miss him.  Bob’s job had him interacting with many people that he probably never met in person.  My team and I enjoyed working with Bob immensely over the years.  He always had a friendly, open, funny manner that conveyed how he truly cared and wanted to help. I have worked with many people virtually, but Bob’s attitude and humor humanized the work in ways that few others can.  I want to express my condolences for his loss to his family, friends and co-workers. Please know that even to those of us who never met him, we will deeply feel his loss.  I think that is rare and a testament to him as a person.
LIke the others who have posted I worked with Bob over the past four years and am deeply saddened by his loss.  He was a true professional and always a gentleman.  He was incredibly proud of his children and was a great friend and colleague.  As others have noted, his sense of humor, strong work ethic, and most importantly his kindness set him apart from others.  Please accept my condolences for your family's loss, along with Bob, you are all in my thoughts and prayers.
Bob Jones was a great individual with a contagious sense of humor!  We started ICA only a few months apart, and even though we worked on separate teams, we always enjoyed a laugh together.   I knew he was special when I met him and realized even more when I join his team.  He taught me so much and his patience with our ongoing request was incredible.  We are all better off to have known Bob than to have not.  The impact and loss of his presences will be felt for a long time.  I pray that the family finds comfort and peace during this difficult time.  I know that God makes no mistakes.  Thank you for sharing Bob with us; he will truly be missed.
Hey beautiful I know you having a ballbin Heaven well just coming though to tell you Happy BIRTHDAY IN HEAVEN LOVE YOU CUZ CONTINUE TO REST
DANG MOM, IT SEEMS LIKE JUST YESTERDAY WE WERE REUNITED! EVERYDAY THERES SOMETHING THAT BRINGS BACK MEMORIES OF YOU. A SONG , TV SHOW, THE SMELL OF YOUR PERFUME. FOR SOME STRANGE REASON I WAS THINKING ABOUT MR ROBERT ALOT. LO AND BEHOLD, HE WAS THINKING OF ME AND JUST SO HAPPEN TO CALL MY PHONE. AS YOU WOULD SAY:" WHERE THEY DO THAT AT!" LOL! I MISS YOU SO MUCH MOM! THESE HOLIDAYS HAVE REALLY BEEN ROUGH FOR ME. ONCE AGAIN......ITS JUST ME AGAINST THE WORLD! BUT DON'T WORRY MOM YOU GOT A STRONG DAUGHTER! NO WEAPON FORMED AGAINST ME SHALL PROSPER.....AMEN! I LOVE YOU MOM AND I WISH I COULD'VE SPENT MORE TIME WITH YOU, BUT WHO AM I TO QUESTION THE LORD? UNTIL WE SEE EACH OTHER AGAIN IN PARADISE.......REST IN PEACE AND KNOW THAT YOU'LL FOREVER BE A PART OF ME!  XOXOXOXOXOXOXO
REST IN PEACE CUZ SO GLAD U RENUITED WITH YOUR FAMILY YOU WERE A VERY BEAUTIFUL AND HAPPY PERSON  YOU CALLED AND TOLD US U LOVED US EVERYDAY AND WE SAID WE LOVE U TO U HAD THE HEART OF A LOVING CARING PERSON I LOVE U AND MISS YOUR CALLS EVEN BLOOD COULDN'T MAKE US CLOSER U WAS MY COUSIN AND WILL FOREVER LIVE ON THOUGH YOUR BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER PORSHA. LOVE YOU CUZ FLY HIGH
It warms me to see how much Wayne was loved by others. He was my brother more than my cousin. We loved each other from the time we were small children, although we lost connection in our adulthood. I miss you, my brother. I'm so sorry that I never called you back just before you died. Maybe you needed to say "good bye."
Lots of good times together.
Rest In Peace Wayne. You were a bit on the wild side, but you always had respectful things to say to me and helped me a out a few times when I lived in the 'hood' ... be at peace cuz
my greatest memory and the greatest part of Wayne was his heart and the fact that he truly loved his family! And this family member truly loved him. Even though at times we fought like cats and dogs. I will really missed him calling. I am so thankful that God blessed Wayne with Pat. I know that he was finally happy and content. Praise be to God!  I miss you already!
Once had to clean whole highway. About 3 blocks .We hit every tractor trailer that came down hwy 64.Police made us sweep up 100's of apples that we had thrown. We had lots of fun and got in trouble lots of times together. Wayne's fault every time. LOL. .Rest in Peace Brother
I told Stu about you and he said "You mean crazy Wayne, your first cousin!" LOL. I guess you made quite a impression. I wish I could have seen you one more time.
May his soul finally find peace. Love you, little brother.
I hope he found the peace he was looking for. RIP Uncle Wayne
well you aggravated the hell sometimes but I always love you and I would always come get you when you needed me    I`ll miss you
I have been told many stories about Wayne from my parents (Ben and Belinda).....he seems like the younger cousin that drove my dad (Ben) crazy!  Seems like my dad had come to the rescue a few times when Wayne needed him.  RIP Wayne and prayers of peace to the family.
Another Birthday Mum ❤, God Bless xxxx
Well Mum you left me not knowing I had Cancer looking after yoou. .thank God, because I know you would of only worried you self silly over me..but I have just recieved my 5 year all clear and I know you did did it for me. ..love and miss you every day xxx
Another Birthday I cannot celebrate with you Mum but as always thinking of you xxxxx
Miss you Mum more than you will ever know, God Bless xxxxxxx
Have one on me Barbara, memories ❤️
5 Long years Mum, miss you so much xxxxxx
Thinking of you Mum on your Birthday, love and miss you xxxxx
Timmie there not a day that goes by i dont think about u. I miss u so much and i love u. Happy birthday i love u very much and miss u. Big 40 today wish u was here to celebrate with u and the whole family. We love u and miss u. Happy birthday up in heaven.
Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday to you.T immie i miss you so much .It kills me when your birthday comes around every year.You should be here with us. You would have turned 40 today .Angel misses you too .You both should be having a big birthday party together today.But i know you are having a great birthday in Heaven today. I love you more then words can ever say.and lord how i miss you .Will love you forever and a day .happy birthday Love your sister always Darlene
Hello my dearest little brother ,14 yrs ago today my world completely fell apart .Timmie not a day goes by that you are not on my mind ,it doesnt get any easier nard,I miss you with all my heart ,you were my baby brother and you knew that i loved you so much you were such a big part of my life ,and when i got that phone call 14 yrs ago timmie i couldnt handle it and still cant ,I never will come to terms with your death ,but i know one day you and bugger will come for me ,and say sis its time to go . and we three will walk hand in hand again, I can hardly wait till that day comes i love you and miss you forever and a day. love you nard .love your sister always Darlene
Happy 39th BIRTHDAY IN HEAVEN ,WISH YOU WERE HERE TODAY .WE WOULD HAVE SUCH A GREAT DAY TODAY.TIMMIE YOU WERE TAKEN TOO SOON YOU DIDNT EVEN HAVE A CHANCE TO SEE WHAT LIFE WAS ALL ABOUT.I MISS YOU SOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH NARD.YOU WERE ONE OF THE BRIGHT LIGHTS THAT BURNT IN MY LIFE .NOW THAT LIGHT IS GONE, I STILL KEEP IT BURNNING IN MY HEART .HOPE YOU ARE HAVING A WONDERFUL BIRTHDAY WITH ALL THE FAMILY AROUND YOU .I LOVE YOU FOREVER AND A DAY MY NARD,LOVE YOUR SISTER ALWAYS DARLENE
My little brother its been 12 yrs today the pain is still here because i have to relive that night all over again when the call came in telling me to get over to moms because she thought you were dead , Timmie that is one of the worst nights in my life just hearing that you were dead its just not right , i think about you day and night my brother , i love you till the end of time . I for one will keep your memory alive till i take my last breath and you and bugger come to get your sister and we all three will be together again like it should be . LOVE AND MISS YOU , YOUR SISTER DARLENE ( SIS)
happy birthday in heaven nard youre 37 today hope you are having a wonderful birthday love your sister always darlene
miss you so much nard not just today but everyday i hope you like your flowers and your rock,, the flowers are in the shpe of butterflies to represent the fact you are free, the rock is for the years you were such a strong person despite all you endured... i love you and hope you have a great day,,,
mmie its been 11 yrs my brother and  i think about you every day i love you very much love  your sister always Darlene
Happy Birthday little brother . i love and miss you soooooooooo much .We had a great birthday party for  you i know you knew we were all there  . love  you my nard for ever and always .love  sis darlene
Love you mom .
This is an awesome idea. Love ya!
Just thinking of you as always ! It's shannons birthday and just wishing you were here , wishing that she would of had the chance to meet you and spend time with you, mom .  But , on the other hand she would would be missing you too &amp; missing you really hurts down deep inside .  Cause there's just so much to miss bout you each and every day , every one in some way . Thanks for all the memories mom have had life time of them . Missing you still margaret Faye jones . .. Lots of love from   shonda Ann jones - kameron Hayes Martin  / thanks mom for giving my son his  2 nd name (Hayes)   I sure hope you can see him sometimes from heaven , and If so I know your smile he's almost all grown up now  . but he's still our same sweet baby . Thanks for sharing your birthday with him . And my sweet Shannon I named her after you , cause all I  wanted was for you to be there when she came into this world to give her a 2 nd name like you did for  kameron , so I did the next best thing and her name is Shannon Margaret faith and she is loving and outgoing and has a good heart like her grannie . I love you mom .   Shonda your  BFF 11/5/2014
I think of you today as I do daily. Want you to know how proud you made me. I was blessed to share you 23 years . You gave me two beautiful grandbabies and a lifetime of memories. Love you baby girl
Tomorrow is your birthday and sweet memories of you lay heavy on my heart. I love you and miss you dearly. Rest easy My precious baby.
From a shy little boy to a caring young man. Doing the thing he loved.  God took him to heaven on this Beautiful, Cooler than usual July day while he was riding his motorcycle on this usually quiet country road. Yes with a blink of an eye he left behind 1000's of people who loved him. All of us were hurt and and we still ask why .He had so many people he was suppose to visit that day. I guess heaven was on his list and when he got there it was just to beautiful to leave.  And he looks down on us all and says you all will do the same one day and it too will be hard to leave such a beautiful place and it's only cause I know I will see you all again one day I choose to stay here and wait for you.
You couldn't have know that the bat had rabies. :(
Happy birthday dad love n miss you
I love ❤ you &amp; miss you much. My life u have made a difference and my heart ❤ you have forever touched! I will do my very best to raise your grandbabies the best I can! 15 yrs.with the children you raised has been a blessing to have known each and everyone of you. You were a wonderful father in law,a great father, and an amazing Papa! Til we meet again, well keep the drums beating
I didn't know Dennis had passed. I have many fond memories I will never forget. Love you, brother. I'll see you again someday.
You have been gone now for 2 years; we all miss you terribly   every  day but know you are in a  wonderful place keeping watch over us.  So we look to the Heavens every day to catch your smile in the sun, a raindrop,or a  rainbow. We will always love you.
Linda and I used to go and always see you Ken when we would be in Soledad and we sure enjoyed see You and Karen. You have a great personality and always have a smile and a big ole Hello. Enjoy your rock hunting in heaven and I will enjoy doing some with you in heaven. Bye for now.
Happy Birthday, Ken. It is good to see your photos and relive memories for a bit.  Your a great cousin.
I am very sorry for the loss of such a wonderful cousin... Father.. Son.. He was always there for everyone.. I am sorry I didn't know about his passing till few months ago.. God Bless all his family friends relatives.. May there be be peace and comfort to all.
I always remember Ken.    Mr Jones as a pillar in our community.  He has a beautiful family and was a great friend to our family.  He will be greatly missed by all.   Love and prayers to the Jones and Farias families.
Still Missing You working through it getting a little better but I still miss knowing that I cant see you cant talk to you .I Love You And Miss You So Much Danny just wish you where still here.
My Daddy!  There are so many things that I would have loved to share with you, so many things that I wish you would have been apart of. I know that our time together was not as we wished it to be but being by your side as you held my daughters head in your hands was the most precious. Being there as you took your last breath as the hardest thing that I have ever had to do but I know because of the love you have for me, your daughter, you will get me through this. I see and hear you when you come to my bedside at night and I thank you for that. I know I have my own family now and my last name has changed, but I will FOREVER be a Jones! I love you Daddy more that you would have ever imagined and one day I will have that dance!                                                                      Your Baby Girl,                                                                          Chelsea Marie
To My Brother I was here when you came to this Planet and I was there when you took your last breath!! I will never forget that moment!!!                                               I Will Always Love You                                              My Twin!!!
I know I'm several days late, but happy belated 35th birthday my dude. I miss you.
I see you even now helping me to find my way in life just as you always have.
13 years later, and I still can't get past it. I think about you everyday. We grew up together, we saw a lot together. We shared laughs, tears, stories... You had such a bright future ahead of you, that was taken away so suddenly. Nothing has been the same since that day Gram called me with the news. When you went away, a piece of me went with you. A piece I've never been able to get back. I find myself listening to songs that make me think of you.  Even now, as I type this, I can't help but cry. Why did this happen? I ask myself everyday. My favorite memory is the night we sat up all night just talking until the sun came up.  I know you know that I blame myself for what happened. If only I would have went with you, this may not have happened. I'm sure you're probably saying there was nothing I could do, but those words are moot. You said you would come back, but you never did. Why did you go away? Why did you leave us? Why? You knew me better than anyone. I've refused to let anyone that close since you. I don't know that I can. I was a one man train wreck for many years. I'm finally starting to get my life back together, but it's so hard. I keep waiting for you to call, or visit... Anything.... But, day after day, I'm left with an empty feeling. I couldn't see you buried, and I didn't visit because I still refuse to believe that any of it is real. But, I'm going home soon, Has. I promise that I won't be selfish anymore. I'll be sure to visit as much as I can. I remember a picture we took as kids, standing on the sidewalk outside of the place where we lived. I only wish I had a copy... I love you my friend. I'll see you as soon as I can.
To the Jones family, I was saddened to hear of the passing of Sgt. Jones. I will always remember him as a kind and gentle man with such a sweet spirit. My prayer for you all is that you will be comforted by the fact that he is now resting in peace and is safe in the arms of our Lord. May GOD bless you. (Rev. and Mrs. Marsh's daughter, Angie)
Mommie, your forever in my heart and I Kiss you every night.  I hope You can feel them.  I love you to the moon and back,   Always and forever, Jackie
Mom, Nancy gave me this picture of you and I love it.  I had never seen it before until last year.  You were always beautiful to me.  But in this picture you are the most gorgeous that I have seen,  I love you Mommie,❤️❤️❤️❤️
Mommie, I love you more than you know, and miss you more. I won't be happy till I see you again. P.s.  Hey mom, I'm eating carrots!!! Blowing you a kiss like we used to.
I love you and miss you so much Mom.
I lay a flower because that is what You are. You were my best friend and confidant. You had the sweetest personality of any person I've ever know. I learned a lot from you little sister that I will never forget, LOVE, Compassion, Humility, Forgiveness. You were my angel, my MVP. Say hello to Mom and Pop. Love forever and a Day.
As if it were yesterday,I love you still,so humble to be the receipiant of the Genva Jones Inaurgural Award for Leadership and Service,presented by the organization she loved so much,the Association of State Democratic Chairs. We know you rest in peace. Coordelia Lewis -Burks
Even though a year has passed since you left us, precious memories of you still warm my heart and place a smile on my face.   Yes you are gone from our sight but not from our hearts.  God continues to bless us with loving thoughts of you.
Your physical presence is missed deeply dear cousin but memories of our childhood years bring  comfort to my soul.  I can still see your smile and hear your laughter.   Rest in heavenly peace.
To the Jones Family, My deepest condolences to you from Chicago, as I just learned this morning that Geneva passed away last year.  She was always kind and was a dear friend to my mom, Iola McGowan, who proceeded her in death. May God continue to bless you and may her spirit live on through you.
I had the pleasure of working at the DNC with Geneva for six years in the 1980's - such a truly lovely woman; we were all  touched by her kind spirit. My sincere condolences to her family, her friends and all those who worked with and loved her.
From James Childers,  CCM, PMP" To the Jones Family, Don't grieve for me for now I'm free, I'm following the path God laid for me. I took his hand when I heard him call, I turned my back and left it all. I could not stay another day To laugh, to love, to work or play.  Tasks left undone will stay that way, I found that peace at close of day. If my parting has left a void Then fill it with remembered joy A friendship shared, a laugh a kiss, Ah yes, these things I, too, will miss.   But not burdened with times of sorrow, I wish you the sunshine of tomorrow. My life has been full, I've savoured much. Good friends, good times, a loved ones touch. Perhaps my time seemed all to brief Don't lengthen it now with undue grief, Lift up you hearts and share with me, God wanted me now, He set me free.    In prayer,   James Childers,  CCM, PMP
Dear Delano,Darrell,June &amp; Rod, I was so very sorry to learn of my     friends departure, Your Mom &amp; Dad  whom I shall never forget. Life is but a stopping place,a pause in whats to be, a resting place along the way,We all were meant to learn some things,but never meant to stay......Our destination is a place far greater than we know. For some the journey's quicker, For some the journey;s slow.and when the journey ends Geneva will claim a great reward and find  an everlasting peace together with Rosial   and  The Lord. I pray that God will continue to bless your family and keep his arms around all of you. Rest in Peace my Friends.
Geneva was a the sunshine on a cloudy day, every day.  If you ever walked into the DNC and was in the worst of moods, seeing Geneva's smiling face always changed your mood -- at least mine, most of the time. Her smile was geniune all day and every day.  Geneva will be missed by many for different reasons.  REST IN PEACE MY SISTER!!
Geneva, had such a great,warm and welcoming personality.  During my days as Vice Chair of the California Democratic Party (1993 -1996) she helped make my attendance at the ASDC meetings smooth.  I will always remember with fond memories the trip to Greece that a group of ASDC delegates took in 94, Geneva was there to assist us in every way and always with that warm smile.  Geneva you will be missed, but your smile will be remembered forever.
My condolences to Darrell, June, Delano, Rod and the Jones Family. You are in my thoughts and prayers, as you remember and celebrate the life of your mom.  Be encouraged and know that she is resting in the arms of Jesus. I pray that God showers you with his love, comfort and peace during this difficult time. God is Love.  Isaiah 58:11 - The Lord will guide you always; he will satisfy your needs. . . You will be like a well-watered garden, like a spring whose waters never fail. Isaiah 58:9 - Then you will call, and the Lord will answer; you will cry for help, and he will say: Here am I. 2 Thessalonians 3:16 - Now may the Lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in every way
To the children and grandchildren of my sister Geneva: Many moons ago Geneva adopted me as her sister and said "you are the sister I do not have."  Over the years, we have spent many sleepless nights talking all night when we traveled together with Ann Lansey. Geneva was an angel sent by God and an inspiration in the lives of many. She will be surely miss, but God felt her work on earth was done. Let's praise God for the wonderful memories. May our Lord comfort and give peace to each of you. She was a blessing to all who knew her.
I light this candle in memory of Geneva, who was truly one of God's chosen angles sent down to embrace everyone around her. With her warm and friendly smile. Geneva was my inspiration doing my time at the DNC. In life, everyone needs that one person they can share the most secretive and interment things with, and that's who Geneva was to me. She loved her family with all her heart. I know that Geneva has gone on to prepare a place, so that once we are all joined together again in that eternal life we will feel the presence of the Lord there to embrace us. Geneva will have everything prepared, for that's what she was so good at. That's what type of spiritual worrier she was.To the family- may you find comfort in knowing that your Geneva is at peace, and  among all of her family and friends who went on to prepare a place for her. I know that she was welcomed with a smile and open arms.                                      "One Day At A Time"  Peace and Blessing.
My heart goes out to June, Delano, Darrell and Rod, my cousins.  Although we are cousins, I have always called her Ms. Geneva. She was kind and so soft spoken. Ms. Geneva and Mr. Rosial were the reasons for my parents meeting.  Now they are all together again. As we were growing up our families spent a lot of time together and as we got older not so much, but the love for family was always there.  I just want to let you all know that I love you all and will keep your/our family in prayer.
To the Jones Family and Friends, My thoughts and prayers are with you all. I am sorry for your great loss.  I worked with your mom for six years, 1983-1989. She was a delight!  She was a warm, loving, giving, gentle woman. God blessed her.  She is with God now. I will think of her often.  Bill Cramer
You truly will be miss DNC security staff. Officer Wiiliams
Oh how I'm going to miss you my dear cousin.  God picked another flower for His beatiful bouquet.
Geneva was so helpful to me when I was on the DNC. I did not know much about the organization worked, and she helped me navigate it all. She was so kind and patient. Her number was the only number I knew there. I will definitely miss her.
I laid a flower because that's what you are in God's garden. I know you will blossom more greater than you did here on earth.MY loving sister you were my inspiration. You taught me about LOVE,HUMILITY,and most of all FORGIVENESS . That is how you were. May God bless and keep your soul. You 're my MVP.
I don't know where good people go when they leave us,but i do know --they leave love,memories,and people who wish they had not gone. You have lost someone very special and someone who touched many hearts including mine Cordelia Lewis-Burks
Her Journey's Just Begun, Don't think of her as gone away - her journey's has just begun, life holds so many facets - this earth is only one. Just think of her as resting from the sorrows and the tears, in a place of warmth and comfort where there are no days and years. Think how she must be wishing that we could know today; how nothing but our sadness can really pass away. And think of her as living in the hearts of those she touched...for nothing loved is ever lost and she was loved so much. In times of tears remember the laughter. In times of sadness remember the smiles. In times of loneliness remember all you shared. Hope it helps you to know you'll always have those warm, loving memories forever.  My heart and prayers go out to you and your family; may God give you the strength and peace to stay strong! Loving thoughts from the Henderson Family! Be Blessed!!
We sometimes take for granted those sources of spiritual strength in our lives. Geneva was one of those people for me. Every day, for four years, she passed by my desk. And in each of those moments of greeting, there was a pause from the shallow stressors of the day, a moment of joy to remind ourselves of our own humanity and what matters. Once, clearly distracted, she got my name wrong and called me “Patrick,” and I just winked. It became something of a running joke between us. Geneva was someone who found joy among the storms of fearful and insecure people we encounter in our lives. That joy is her gift, and she shared that gift liberally and generously. And I thank her for it.
An Angel An angel lived among us, A gift from God above. She showered us with kindness And shared with us her love. A contagious laugh and a smile so bright You were so beautiful in everyone’s sight An angel came down and took you by the hand It may be many years until we understand She cherished every moment With the man who was her life; They now walk together hand in hand Into eternal life. She loved her children and grandchildren dearly, Each one a different way, Nestled close within her heart. Though, now, she’s far away. She’s gone to live with Jesus. But, she’s here with us, today, Smiling down on every one of us, Rejoicing and telling us it will be O.K.. We love you momma! You will be sadly missed.
Geneva was so friendly and helpful to me as a new ASDC member from Oregon the past year and assisted me in preparing me for a trip to Taiwan. You must be very proud of the many lives she has influenced and her years of service to the Democratic Party. In the short time I knew her she was unfailingly warm and welcoming to me. I know she will be deeply missed by the ASDC community.  - Karen Packer
Sorry for your loss,keeping you and your family in prayer.
You will be truly missed. Thanks for being one of the best teachers to my children.To the family my prayers are with you.Very sorry for your loss.
your so missed destiny i miss u more and more everyday its ahrd without u hear i have no one to talk to about all the boys and all the drama at school and i have no one to cry to and i miss u and its getting really hard especially that i am now in high school and i need you so bad its getting too hard i wish u would come home and i love u so much ill see you again one day R.I.P may17,2014
Happy Birthday Destiny I love and miss you
...A Mothers love&gt;&gt;&gt; I often think of you  When you were very small.  You left your fingerprints  On almost every wall.  Back when you were growing up  They were such happy years.  How you would smile and make up games  I remember through my tears  Some day we will be together  In heaven up above.  But for now my little girl  I send you all my love. My thoughts are with you always just know that I am here for you...
My babygirl.. I miss you so much!! need to hear ur voice. it's been real hard without you.. U was our center piece baby.. I don't know how to help our family babygirl.. piz show me !! U been with me since twas butterball. U still with me always.. I love you so much!! My only lil girl.. I have never cry so much. until you left me!! Happy birthday babygirl!! Love always!! U was more than daughter to me. U was real friend! miss so much..
Baby Dee... I had a dream about you last night and I woke up thinking about texting you to see what you were doing today... Miss those big blue eyes and laugh. We went through a lot together but I will always think of you as my sister. Little things will happen throughout my day and it brings a smile to my face thinking of you. Until we meet again baby girl...
I cant believe its been a year.... I miss you so much and wish i could tell you how much i love you and how much u mean to me Des!!!!  You will always be in my heart but its not the same as having you here... I love you and cant wait to see you again ❤️
Today is your birthday beautiful sweet girl. Everyday we think of your gorgeous face your infectious smile the way laughed and the way you loved all your cousins. 22 years old! You would be.  We will always celebrate the life you lived the way you affected each and everyone of ours. You were one in a million.  Today and forever you will be missed. We Love you Destiny Nicole Jones RIP ♡☆♡☆~ Uncle Mark Aunt Natashia Payton Tyler Kolton
ydays a struggle without you time flies, but drags my snuggle bunny, my munky, and punkin butt i will always , always, carry your love with me, and i know you will carry me when i need  you, you are my guardian angel. LIFE WILL NEVER BE THE SAME WITHOUT YOU. PRAYERS TO ANGIE ROGER SEAN AND LONNIE, IF YOU NEED ANYTHING PLEASE CALL ME. RIP DNJ.
It has been one month today and we still expect you to hear from you or see your smiling face. We will continue to live in your spirit and hold you close in our hearts.
Dest its crazy how things are you had such a vibrant spirit. I remember times where we would see each other nd just catch up. You willl be truly missed watch over ya fam sweet girl.
Today is the day your friends and family are going to celebrate your life.So reality is starting to sink in. You are no longer going to be with us in the flesh but always you will be in our hearts and especially mine.I am going to miss the hell out of you and what could have been. You were such a beautiful girl. You will never be forgotten. I love you Des and i will try to look after your mom along with her other friends. You be her angel now and look after her.
I will never forget the good times we had together. Forever and always my love.
Destiny I know u were a huge part of your mothers heart, and you will always be missed, fly high baby girl. Angie, I'm keeping you and your family close to my heart and always in my prayers.
Dear Lord, please comfort those in grief, Love them, lift them, give relief For loss they’ve suffered, sadness felt; Make this sorrow slowly melt. Lord, let happy memories ease, Creating peace like a gentle breeze, And as you help them make it through. Draw them closer, Lord, to you. Sincere condolences on your loss. By Joanna Fuch God has sweet Destiny in his loving arms now. May she sing with the  Angels.  Sherry
Angie you've been on my mind a lot since I heard the news about your daughter. I can't imagine how hard it must be to lose Destiny. You have always had a special place in my heart from growing up together. I am so very sorry for your loss-
I see your teardrops falling I hear you cry out my name I know you can not see me but I hold you just the same. I watch as you lie in bed as restless as can be  I hear your whispered words as you silently pray for me. every day for you is painful each breath, each step you take but as the wise mom(Angie) I know a future you will make . I envelope you in my love as for me you use to do it's hard to see you in such pain forever the strong one's you. although our lives journey's have bid us to be apart  Mom(Angie) I am always with you, you are with me  in My heart.( RIP baby girl love Anissa.....)Keep them blue eyes bright as the day I first met you....
We will dearly miss this beautiful and vibrant young lady.  Prayers and love to Ang, Roger, Sean, and Loni.
My words can't express the sadness we feel. We love and miss you!
U will b missed forever and a day, gone too soon ,Punkin and Angie and you all are in our prayers for life,fly Des with the angels because thats wut u are
Love and prayers from the webb fam, we will miss her so much
Des. Heaven has another angel. Angie and family we send u prayers and love. Gone too soon but beloved. As she looks and blesses her family with her spirit for life. B free my child and know u are truly missed and never forgotten. Love and blessings from Jenny Joe and chuckie.
Miss you Mom!  It's hard to believe it has already been 3 years since you left us.
Thinking about you mom on what would have been your 75th birthday!
Miss you mom, thinking of you often, especially today. Love Alan.
A year has come and gone. A day has not passed that I have not had her with me. Still inspiring me. Miss  you! Holding onto to your spirit and your joy in life and your laughter.  Love you  Shelley
I was deeply saddened to hear of the news of Fran's passing.  I feel very fortunate to have met her and her sons, Al and David when they visited Bezanson, Alberta to view the area in which Fran's grandfather A.M. Bezanson, settled.
Fran was a wonderful woman to both know and work with.  I had the fortune of having Fran as our go to florist for over a decade and she took as much pride in the little jobs as she did the big ones.  As a fellow Rotarian, Fran was an inspiration in her amazing capacity to give thoughtlessly and always have a smile.  Her absence has left a space that I doubt will be filled anytime soon, if ever.  I cannot imagine how the loss of such a mom is on the boys she loved and adored but thank you for sharing her.  She left the world a better place because she was a part of it.
Condolences David and Alan. Your Mum and I shared a Rotary table for the past 20 years, keeping each other appraised whether we would make the meeting or not.  As such she became a great friend to Pat and I. On many occasions we would visit her florist shop and go next door for coffee on our walks. During my working years Fran served faithfully on the RCMP Community Policing Committee. Her efforts in support of obtaining a new police detachment back in 1998 greatly helped in that quest. Fran's supportive contributions to Mission 180 in Kenya of food and clothing to needy families speaks highly of her desire to help others in Africa. She was a great lady, a true friend and a tremendous supporter of Willow Point. We miss her!! Larry &amp; Pat Stright, Campbell River, BC
The "Revitalization of Willow Point" Blueprint that Fran gave me a couple months ago still sits on my desk and points to her persistence in her drive to making our Community a better place to live in. Among all the selfless gifts and time that she has donated to us, Fran was the cornerstone of the of the Village renaissance. I'll think of her everytime I pass through Willow Point.
David and Alan...I am touched by your notice in the paper reguarding your moms passing. Wow, what a strong lady and wonderful life she's had. Although I did not meet her, I wish I had. I am the lucky girl that had adopted your moms beloved Tiger cat. I want you and your mom to be assured I will take exceptional care of her beautiful friend. He will never want for anything I assure you, except maybe your moms company :(  I also felt it appropriate to add a middle name for him. He is now to be known as 'Mr. Tiger Frances' . I'm again sorry for your loss :(
I am so glad I got to know Fran and be known by her.  What an amazing woman and what a  legacy she has left for us.  Somehow she always remembered the various special occasions that my husband and I shared and she remembered our love for yellow roses - they were fresh and ready for us year after year.  Her contributions to the community of Willow Point and the city of Campbell River are endless.  I, too, will miss sharing her disgust of shady politicians.   You've had a hard ride, Fran - I will miss you, but I am happy that you are no longer in pain. XX
Such a shock to read in the obits of Fran's passing .  She was a force of nature, and the world energy level dropped substantially when she left us.  Campbell River (and Willow Point in particular) has lost a great ambassador.  No doubt she's already busy getting things sorted for the rest of us in the Great Beyond! A great person, hugely missed.  My sincere condolences to her family.
Mom - I am still shocked and saddened that you are gone.  For so much of my life you were the indestructible force that could overcome anything, especially where your children were involved.  You sacrificed so much for us and never once complained.  I will love you always.
Dear Fran, My Other Mother, You have been my friend, my ally, my other mother for almost 30 years. I honored you as my own mom...You inspired me as a woman who overcame great adversity, and yet always found more to give to everyone else. Always putting others needs before your own. True to the end. Your laughter, your advice, your pride in your grandchildren will be always missed. You have left a void that will never be filled. Lessons in life from you I will carry forward, one of the most important, no matter the challenge, it is manageable and acceptance of people . One foot in front of the other always! And laughter, always laughter... I will miss you, never forget the lessons you showed me, and love you always.
Mom, you endured so much for so long, yet you handled it all with dignity and grace. You never complained, but instead chose to help others, often with fierce determination and tenacity that got things accomplished. I am inspired by your spirit. I will miss you, miss the stories you would tell, miss the cackling laughter, miss the scathing opinions about various politicians of the day. Most of all I will miss my mom, miss being called "fuzzy", miss the hugs that only a mother can give. I love you mom. Alan
Another  birthday mom I don't know what to say but I love and miss time with you
With love in my heart thinking of you
Another year without and it still isn’t the same, i miss and think of you all the time. I miss you, your hugs and support/help especially when I needed it the most, like now. I hope you are up there looking down on me and your great grandson. I love you so much Nan, Goodnight Godbless  Lots of love Court and bump xxxx &lt;3
mom words can not say but I know you are there  <a href="http://kathleen-jones.muchloved.com" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://kathleen-jones.muchloved.com</a>
Happy  birthday nan, hate the fact your not here no more for us to spend your day together,  one day we will be reunited again once and for all. I miss you being my shoulder to cry on when I was down or in trouble you'd always help me or try your best no matter how big all small my problem was, I'm also sad at the fact you won't be able to spend quality time with your new great grandchild to be, if it's a little girl we have said we are going to call her sofia-jalilah, I hope you'll be up there helping me and guiding him or her as she or he grows. I know you'll always be there no matter what and I'm sorry it couldn't have been longer, I love you so much and I know you love me too. Goodnight Godbless nan
Mom is gone to heaven  No more suffering  No more Pain She went to be with Jesus She didn't go in vain Peace and Calm surround her Her mind is hers again She met up with her Mom &amp; Dad  Who were waiting at the gate They took her to meet Jesus You know she wasn't late She put her arms around him Looked up at his face She said Father thank you for saving me And bringing me to this place I have one prayer to pray Lord And I've prayed it all along The ones I've left behind me Please see them safely Home I'll meet them at the River When they have finished there race I told them where to meet me  It's the very best place
Three years since god gained another angel, These years have been tough without you nan, but you're in such a better place now &amp; for that I am glad instead of you suffering, you are loved and missed by many, I love you nan, forever and always. Good night God bless ❤️ xxxx
ove and miss you mom I light a candle every year for you on your other rememberance site
2 yrs tomorrow u have left us but will be forever in my heart not a day goes by that i dont think of u .u where my hero my best friend and a very special woman and if ever got to know where lucky to know u most wonderful in the world i missed u so much if i could i hug u one more time i could and i tell u i love u so much u are gbnf i love you so much i was so lucky to have you in my life and u had played a big role in my life xxxxxxxxx
It will be two years tomorrow since God took you away
miss you always such a good friend
Always thinking about you,made me very welcome when I popped round to see you and Brian.I miss you loads,so here is a candle you will always be in my heart r.I.p xxxx
Happy birthday love and miss u  <a href="http://kathleen-jones.muchloved.com" rel="nofollow noreferrer" target="_blank">http://kathleen-jones.muchloved.com</a>
Mom had just come back from Spain with her loving husband Brian. We had also booked an Amsterdam trip when she came back. She was taken ill with Breathing problems but seemed bad but was we thought not life threatening. we kept texting each other I went and saw her she seemed to still have problems breathing and was told she had pneumonia they decided to sedate her but she had a heart attack, they tried as they could but they decided they could not stop her passing, we called the gran children and me and Brian held her hand and spoke to her she held on and waited for one of the gran children (david coffman) arrived few minutes later she passed over to her waiting parents Ronald Snr and Florence Coffman. Mom words can not say how you have helped me in my life and how Shelly though of you we will all miss you I promise your memory will go on. Your loving son Ronald Coffman Jnr
Noah- we think of you always!
Happy Birthday Angel!
Noah, you are God's angel.
Happy birthday mum  love Robert xxxxx
Four years ago you left us, God knew that you were tired he knew you needed rest his garden must be beautiful he only takes the best. Gone but not forgotten! Love you always love lyn xx
Happy birthday mum forever missed but never forgotten xxxx
Gone but not forgotten all my love Robert xxxx
Happy birthday mumxxxx
Happy birthday
Happy birthday mum xxx
Happy birthday nanna , miss and love you loads big kisses for you and gramps xx
Happy birthday mum , miss you every day love from your daughter Marilyn xx
Happy Christmas mum thinking about you today xxx
Happy birthday mum xxxx
Happy birthday mum xxxx
Rip Aunty Mave you will definitely never be forgotten by any of us, I hope your now with Den and your sister, lots of love xxxx
Dear Rob and family i am sorry for your loss, i remember meeting your mum and she was very cheerful and enjoyed her cigarettes. Nice service today and lovely to meet all your welsh family. The music was very touching, rest in peace lol Veronica x x x
Sweet dreams nanna and thank you for everything,i will forever miss and love you ,give grampy a big kiss from me,always in my heart your loving grand daughter Stacy xxx
my dear aunt mave so welsh and proud always sunny without a cloud you had 2 children and grandchildren too and there was nothing for them that you would not do you loved a joke and you loved a laff and your favourite flower was THE welsh daff your dog called beauty you would take for walks on your way back you would stop for talks when you came to wales you would stay at ours we would laugh and drink and talk for hours you were loving and caring cheerful and bright a wonderful aunty by day and by night i will never forget you and all what you done i will cherish you forever an aunt second to none God knew that you were tired  he knew you needed rest his garden must be beautiful he only takes the best! Goodnight god bless sleep tight xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Mum you were there for me all through my life teaching me wrong from right good from bad, always showing me the right path to take. I always thought I knew best but it became apparent that I didn't and yes mum you were there to say I told you so !  you were such a proud Welsh mother always talking about me to others embarrassing me but I could see that proud bright spark in your eye only last week, a small price to pay for your joy. You were my hero,  Someone I treasured more than myself. I carry on your name With the life you gave me  goodbye Mum Rest in peace from your son Robert x
3 years as gone by,you always night and day whit me in everything I do you at back of my mind constantly ,I even coll you sister by you name.i now she doesn't mind she now ,I miss you terribly.my life as chance big  time,I'm sure you how's everything.and now you have you abuela as well hope you see her,my darling daughter,I miss you and love you forever you mommy
Love and miss you always bud..❤️
Ciao Amore, come mi dicevi sempre tu!! ★ È tutta la mattina che cerco di sedermi e scriverti, ma una parte di me non vuole farlo. Questa parte di me è così arrabbiata che preferisce quasi fare finta di nulla. Sedermi qua a scriverti ora è un po’ come ammettere di aver accettato che non ci sei, che è già passato un anno… e questo no, non lo voglio accettare. Ma d’altra parte ho una tremenda voglia di parlarti e questo è l’unico mezzo che ho e in cui mi sento ascoltata, quindi… eccomi qua. Una anno… c’è già tutto questo tempo che ci divide?! Un anno dall’ultima volta che ti ho visto, un anno dall’ultima volta che ti ho parlato, ascoltato, abbracciato. Se c’è una cosa di cui ringrazio me stessa è quella di essermi costretta a venire da te, quei primi di marzo di un anno fa. Ciò mi ha dato l’opportunità di poterti stringere la mano, di poterti accompagnare, di porti abbracciare. Ho potuto ascoltare per l’ultima volta quel tuo “ciao amore” che mi hai sempre detto con tanta dolcezza. Ho potuto scorgere in un tuo piccolo gesto fatto a fatica tutto l’amore che ci hai sempre donato. Ho potuto ammirare la tua incredibile forza, la tua gioia e la tua pazzia anche quando le forze ti abbandonavano. Non me lo sarei mai perdonata se non avessi avuto la forza di accompagnarti nella fine, perché è lì che più mi hai insegnato la vita e l’amore. E per questo ti ringrazio. Mi hai insegnato cosa vuol dire vivere, cosa vuol dire combattere, quanto importante sia affrontare ogni singolo giorno col sorriso e con la gioia che avevi tu… e soprattutto mi hai insegnato che l’amore supera qualsiasi cosa, anche la vita terrena. Sei la mamma più coraggiosa ed incredibile che conosca! Mi manchi…sempre!! }i{ ✿ Love you, tanto tanto tanto!!! Tua sempre, Sofi ❤
Ho tanta voglia di tenerti tra le mie braccia come quando erii con noi ..passa il tempo ma diventa sempre piu duro,amore di mamma
As time goes by it seems you are the kind of person who lives on in our life forever, although the pain never goes,the joy of remembering your infectious love for life, family and friends makes us smile on a daily basis when we think of you,Forever missed forever loved, especially the super desserts that always made me run faster
Auguri di compleanno su con gli angeli e duro quaggiu non vedo l'ora di vederti
Tanti auguri angelo celeste....sempre nel cuore
Auguri Rosie, pensando a te oggi, domani e sempre nel cuore sarrai...
13 settimane sono passate da che sei andata.domani sono gia 3 mesi,la verita e tu sai come mi potro mai sentire io.certo no ce molto cambio rimane sempre la scusa di oggi vieni da noi e stai qua con noi .mi rendo conto che sei con noi.anche se io ho tanta voglio di abbracciarti anche solo per un instante ,Tesoro lo faccio sempre attraverso Isabella,io ti vedo in lei due gocce  ti mando carezze e baci a presto
quanto mi manchi...ci sono giorni che nemmeno me ne rendo conto...aspetto tue notizie, quelle notifiche su facebook che eri solita lasciarmi, o la chiamata del giorno... poi mi accorgo di non poter più avere tutto ciò... così inizio a ricordarti, a cercarti nelle foto, nelle cose vecchie che mi hai scritto, è l'unico modo che ho per sentirti vicina a me! quanto darei per un tuo abbraccio e una tua parola ora! MI MANCHI SEMPRE! TROPPO!
Lo so che ci sei, Amore!!! Ti sento costantemente...ma che voglia avrei di vederti e riabbracciarti!!
Carissima la mia vita e un immenso vuoto.vivi ,per vivere tutti cercano di consolarmi ma nessuno mi capishe. Ogni giorno Che passa  sempre piu peasante .non so dove sarei senza il tuo angelo.sicuramente lontano da dove sono adesso .vorrei essere la vicino per chiederti ,tante cose ,avere tante risposte.MI MANCHI SEPRE PIU XXX
Ieri siamo stati tutti noi con il tuo angelo non crede  assolutamente che sei volata via con I palloncini .io so che tu non smetterai mai di protergela da lassu,e noi no smetteremo mai di tenerti dappertutto in casa ,tu sei la sua mamma e le manchi tanto.ti AMA MAMMA
In momenti come questi non riesco a credere che tu non ci sia..  Non mi sembra normale, aspetto il momento in cui riceverò una tua chiamata, vedrò una tua notifica, leggerò una tua mail..  ..Io lo so che ci sei,ieri c'eri, oggi anche, ci sarai domani,, Ti fai sempre sentire, oggi eri in i'm yours.. &lt;3
“Love is stronger than death even though it can’t stop death from happening, but no matter how hard death tries it can’t separate people from love. It can’t take away our memories either. In the end, life is stronger than death.” – Unknown...Our childhood memories are forever in my heart...missing you xxxx
Miss u rosie,keep shining like the bright star u r x
Rosie in life you were a strong amazing person in mind ,body and soul, a true inspiration in everything i said or did,when you were suffering i took inspiration from your bravery in looking after others while battling your own war.Now im the luckiest guy in the world cause when i think of you smiling down on us, i can do anything. I know you will be with me when i run the London Marathon so ill give the medal to Izzy ,you deserve more than that i know, but its my little tribute to all you stand for....I love and think of you always xx
I couldn't sleep last night and looked for you in the sky..... I couldn't find you and felt sad. I looked again and you weren't there, tears came down my cheeks. Suddenly I stopped crying and felt happy, I looked out the window and there you were! When you were here you made me smile, even when I felt I couldn't and your still doing it now........ Thank you, god bless Hunni..... Keep flying high xxxx
Il conoscerti è stato un'insegnamento di vita per me....sorriso ,gioia,speranza, purezza d'animo, semplicità,amore....tu eri questo...e lo trasmettevi a chiunque ti stava vicino in maniera unica ....sei il sole...
Sweet Rosie, you will be missed greatly by many who's lives you touched. Shine bright sweet angel. Rest in peace. Xxx
La morte non è niente,io sono solo andato nella stanza accanto.              Io sono io,voi siete voi. Ciò che ero per voi lo sono sempre!                      Datemi il nome che mi avete sempre dato,parlatemi come mi avete sempre parlato,non usate mai in tono diverso.                                            Non abbiate un aria solenne o triste,continuate a ridere di ciò che ci faceva ridere insieme.  Sorridete,pensate a me',pregate per me'.               Che il mio nome sia pronunciato in casa come lo è' sempre stato.              Senza alcuna enfasi,senza alcuna ombra di tristezza.                                 La vita ha il significato di sempre,il filo non si è spezzato.                          Perché dovrei essere fuori dai vostri pensieri??? Semplicemente perché sono fuori dalla vostra vista???                                                      Io non sono lontano...sono solo dall' altro lato del cammino..."                    To You my beautiful Angel...miss You and love You...ever in my ❤️.
Poem for Rosie and her loved ones. The little Prince.... And at night you will look up to the stars.  My star will be just one of the stars, for you. Therefore, you will live to watch all the stars in the heavens. In one of those stars, I shall be living, In one of those stars, I shall be laughing And when your sorrow is comforted  You will be content that you have known me.
To an angel, I imagine you at peace, sleep well, thank you for your smile which has imprinted on our hearts, I have passed a mountain peak and my soul is soaring in the firmament of complete and unbound freedom; I am far, far away, my companions, and the clouds are hiding the hills from my eyes. The valleys are becoming flooded with an ocean of silence, the hands of oblivion are engulfing the roads and the houses; The prairies and fields are disappearing behind a white spectre that looks like the spring cloud, yellow as the candlelight and red as the twilight. The songs of the waves and the humans of the the streams are scattered, and the voices of the throngs reduced to silence; And I can hear naught but the music of Eternity in exact harmony with the spirits desires. I am cloaked in full whiteness; I am in comfort; I am in peace.
Carissima Rosie  mi manchi
god bless the family, i worked with jones const dept  ala power co for sevral years . i am a native  pickens countian, we travel together and roomed together . nothing but good memories. i contacted him some time back before his wife died, gary you were a small young man and dont remember my wife mary ann  god bless again and we often talked about the good times  shopping and moving aroundin cost. lost out when he went to the southeast div and i came to mobile div injuly 1966 our love toyou gary and your family                   travis  7
So very sorry for the lost of your loved one. May God grant you strength and peace during this time. The Slaughter Family.
It snowed today for you!
When Bryce lived at the farm, he made Christmas cards and mailed them.  Bryce knew the spirit of Christmas and importance of family gatherings.  Loved, and missed, especially at this time of year.
Always remember your amazing smile, your charming personality &amp; amazing sense of humor. Growing up with you &amp; your family was amazing.
Bryce, you are never forgotten.  Love you always and forever!
Miss you Bryce. Say hello to all our loved ones. Let Mom know I got her message.
Bryce, Dad and i miss you and Rigel so much.  I think of you both twice each day to see how you are doing on your sunrises and sunsets.  They have been awesome the last couple of days.  Thank you and please keep track of your grandma's for us.
I have been going through boxes of pictures, and you are there in so many of them, and  it brings back so many fond memories.  I know I can speak for Ken,  we love and miss you, Bryce.
Bryce,Dad and I continue to miss you so much, but the memories are as gentle and living as ever.  You Rigel, Grandma and all of our other lived ones remain close to us everyday.  Happy Birthday Day Bryce.
Bryce,  You brought me some fabric that I bought from your mom  in a brown paper bag and you had personally written my name on it.  I still have it and see it regularly as it is in the bottom of a basket where I put customer's quilts waiting for pick-up.  That means that I think of you often.........hugs!
Bryce, always remembered, always loved.
Happy birthday, Bryce.  One adorable little fella.  Wishing you peace and a huge piece of cake!
Bryce, I miss you every day, with some days just harder than others.  I would love to have you getting in my way, just one more time.  You and Riegel are doing a good job on the sunrises and sunsets.  Love to you and all my important people who are with you.
Life taken too early.  Much sadness for you Lorraine.
Today reminds me that I was always impressed with the wonderful parenting Bryce was blessed with and that he always touched my heart. I'd love one more conversation with him.  Hugs to Lorraine and Rod today.
Thinking of you on your birthday today, and always.  We love you, Bryce.
The Risdon's sure miss our friend Bryce! We loved your smiling face and all of the jokes you would share with us!
How nice it was for Lorraine to share stories of Bryce on our February retreat.  I felt I got to know him better through those loving stories.
Ken and I think of you so often, and we love you Bryce!
Nearly a year has passed, and not a day goes by that we don't think about you Bryce. Happy Birthday.
What a funny man you were. I loved listening to your stories about life on the farm or working at NOAH. Everyone misses you
We miss you, Bryce, and think of you often.  Love to you on your Birthday
Remembering my friend, Bryce , on his birth date and thinking of his family as they remember Bryce as a loving son, brother, uncle on his special day.
He was so young, not even 40.  Sad that you can't turn back the clock and be with him again.  Happy Birthday, Bryce!
Thinking of you today, and always, Bryce.  You are missed, my cousin.
I was only around Bryce a few times.  But everytime I was around him, it was so obvious how much he was loved by and loved his parents.  We ran into one another at a friend's Christmas Party each year.  Bryce, Lorraine, Rod, and several other of us quilter's and retired UW employee's would sit together and visit.  Bryce was sharp...always had something to add to the conversation and was extremely good at teasing his parents and vice versa.  He always had a twinkle in his eyes and was a joy to be around.  He will be missed.
Bryce was my cousin, and he is a dearly missed part of our family.  A caring, wonderful man with a big heart.
I knew Bryce because I was one of his caregivers for 7 years at a home he lived in south Mount Vernon.  We became good friends over the years and we would still get together on occasion after I moved on.  He was the only one in the house who enjoyed watching educational programs with me like NOVA, History, the Universe.  We went for many walks together near the farm, or we would go to parks and trails and walk there.  He loved his pets and had a kind heart.  I will definitely miss him.
We will always remember Bryce! The Risdon kids and the Jones kids grew up together! Bryce loved all of the camping trips, riding ATV's at the dunes, or just hanging around with the kids at the house. Bryce was a "Happy Camper!" Always shared stories with us, always polite, and he had the biggest smile on his face whenever we saw him! I can still hear his sweet and contagious laugh! What a guy!...What a friend! We are so blessed to have had some great times together with Bryce! You will be missed .... never forgotten... as your memories live on in all of our hearts." HUGS" to you Rod and Lori...you are in our thoughts every day!
What I noticed about Bryce was how connected he was with current events and broader issues.  He showed an interest in other people.  This, I’m sure, is a reflection of the love and support he got from his family. He was a happy guy even through all the challenges.  Bryce leaves a huge hole with his passing.
Bryce, you will be missed.  Sending my love to you and your parents.
Bryce, such a shining light, we will miss you!
Although I only met Bryce a handful of times, I felt a true sense of caring. He was cordial, interesting, and unafraid to state his opinion. All admirable qualities. Bryce helped me look past our imperfections and concentrate on what matters most: a genuine, kind soul. For that I am grateful.
I didn't know Bryce very well, But I remember we had English class together while at Redmond High. He was a character and like everyone else had mentioned, he always had a smile and always had something interesting to say. He will be missed by many and I hope the stories that are posted by those who knew him well and by those who remember him bring comfort to his Family and friends. God Speed Bryce Lee Jones.
I remember Bryce well from high school.  He was always cheerful and friendly.  My condolences to his family.
This is such sad news. I will always remember Bryce for his bright attitude and spirit. He always managed to make me smile in junior high and high school.
Walking through the halls of RHS, Bryce was always saying "Hi" shaking hands and giving high fives. It didn't matter to Bryce if he knew them or not. Bryce was one of the most genuine individuals I have ever met and I am saddened to hear of his passing. My thoughts and prayers.
Bryce and I share a love of cats.  I'll miss his stories of Sarah and her antics.   She brought a lot of joy to him, just as he brought joy to those around him.  He will be remembered for his great smile, his gregarious personality, and his wonderful attitude. Shine bright, Bryce!
I only met Bryce a couple of times, usually in the SeaWatch Fabric booth.  He loved helping the ladies in the booth.  His smile was contagious.  You will be missed.
'You'll find the bright places where Boom Bands are playing. With banner flip-flapping, once more you'll ride high! Ready for anything under the sky. Ready because you're that kind of guy' -Dr.Suess Strength and most happy memories for all family and friends.
R.I.P. Bryce Lee Jones. It has been many years since I have seen Bryce as well, thanks James Windle for bringing this to my attention. Despite his small stature, Bryce had the heart and confidence of a lion. The one thing I remember most is that he showed up everyday and in my opinion was always apart of whatever I was involved in. Be it football, baseball, or wrestling events. All he wanted was to be a part of something. Once i picked up on others giving him the cold shoulder, myself and many others took him under our wings  It is pretty amazing that times like this help you remember how your life was/is molded. Peace Mr. Jones
I too, remember Bryce at retreats, helping out his mom or dad by delivering fabric to all the quilters. His smile was a ray of sunshine that never stopped. I'm so sorry for your loss.
I will miss Bryce's great sense of humor and gentle spirit. He was fun to be around.
Bryce blessed me in so many ways.  He was a true and caring friend.  Consistently, he went out of his way to do kind things to make my day.  He brought me flowers, wrote me notes, drove me to and from school, called me on my birthday, listened to many sad stories about lost games, lost love and friendships, asked me to dances (even though I had a boyfriend) and he always held a special place in my heart.   I often tell Bryce stories to my husband and children and they always make me have a happy heart.   Thank you for being a blessing in so many ways, to so many people.   May your heart be happy remembering how he touched so many lives.
Bryce was a kind, bright spirit and I always enjoyed talking to him.  Sending love and peace to Bryce and his family.
I went to Evergreen Junior High with Bryce and remember him very well. He walked the hallways with a bright smile and always said hi and hello. He was always so, sweet and nice. He will be missed. I'm sorry for your loss. May he rest in peace.
He loved the show Charmed.  His Mom teased him cause she said he like to look at the pretty girls but he said no I like the show!! But I liked it too so we would talk about the show. I always liked to visit with him. He had a great attitude about things. I'll miss him!
Bryce always had something going on! He was a very caring and enthusiastic person who wanted to make a contribution, and I think many people have been touched by his strong spirit.
Bryce you will be missed! I will always remember your sweet smile. Rest in peace my friend.
In our years together in school, Bryce always had a smile and was so positive! He was a friend to everyone. May he rest in peace.
If Bryce was there, everyone wore a smile.  He was a ray of sunshine - sweet, gentle, and full of stories.  I'll miss you, Bryce!
Thinking of you on ur bday Meds. Keep shining and make sure the gang are looking after you xxxx

You are turly missed. Happy Birthday Wanda...
Wanda...you are missed....
Mama it's hard to believe you've been gone 5 years. We all still miss you and love you. We'll continue to move ahead. TIL WE MEET AGAIN!!
Well mama this is the 2nd birthday without you. It's still hard to believe you aren't here with us! We love you and MISS you! Tegyn calls you all the time--blessings from the Lord! HAPPY BIRTHDAY--WE LOVE YOU ALWAYS AND FOREVER!!!!!!!  Hope y'all had a good ole family reunion when Aunt Lena came home.
Well 13 months and it doesn't seem like it. We miss you every day. Love you, Barbara &amp; family
Mama, it's hard to believe it has been almost 8 months since you left. You would LOVE Tegyn!!! She's brought so much joy into our lives, which helps with all of us missing you!!! I hope you aren't giving your family TOO much trouble! Gone but not forgotten and always in our hearts you remain!!!!!!  Love from my family ALWAYS &amp; FOREVER"
Barbara, I was so sorry to hear about the loss of your mother.  My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
Just heard of Ms. Jeans passing. I am so sorry. She was such a sweet and loving person and a mother who loved her children fiercely. May God give u all comfort at this time. Ms. Jean will be missed.
Prayers are with all the family at this sad time.God is with you thru this and will be there for you always.
We were sadden to hear of Jean's passing. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family.  Wayne and Linda Elms
I am so sorry, for all of the family. Jean was a special lady, and very special to me. I have to work on Monday, and will not make it to say good by. I will and have said my good by in prayer. I know she is with the Lord, and we will truly miss a very special lady, here on earth. God be with each of you.
I am so sad to hear about Jeans passing.  Know that the family will be in our prayers.  Mike and Louise
Libbie this is 1 of your sister that is grown up now like u but a couple of years younger i am 12 now Libbie i miss you to the moon and back no matter what im sure you will look after my nan that just passed a way and im sure she will look after you mummy is going to church every Tuesday and when she has a reading you will always come thought come how love you lots your ister kadee
Miss you like crazy , you were always there to listen to me and you never judged. Free from suffering and pain now. Gone but never forgotten.  Love you x
will never get over the loss of you mum. Still cant belief your no longer with us. seems to just get harder to deal with as the days go by.
Love you mum, miss you like crazy,  my heart will always be broken xx
Another Birthday without you today, hope you and Daddy are celebrating in heaven!! Love and miss you both!!!!
Love you Mama Liddle. I know you are looking over us from heaven.
Mama Liddle, we miss you so much.  I miss going to see you and you always having us a meal cooked and Daddy told you not to worry about that. You always took care of us and loved us. You were truly loved by your children and grandchildren and all that knew you.
Mama Liddle I love and miss you so much!! I wish my grandkids could have known you,they would have loved you as much as I did.!!
Well Daddy it's been 4 years since you left us. You would be proud of Joshua and the man he has become and he is getting married in June.You are missed so much we really need your guidance now more than ever, just watch over us!! I love you!!!!
There is not a day that has went by since you've been gone that I don't think of you Daddy. I miss you so much and I love you!!
Love and miss you so much Daddy!!
Remembering you is easy, I do it every day But there is an ache within my heart that will never go away.
Precious Angel.  You gave us a sign on Saturday that you are with your kids all the time.  It meant so much to Blake.  You are loved even more today than the day you went to your Heavenly Home.  We all miss your bright light, smile, smell, wit, naughtyness, loving ways, concern for every living thing.  Please know that you will always be missed and forever loved.
My Precious Angel.  Today we have apart for four years.  Missing you is the same, but when it's cold I am glad you are in Heaven.  Please wrap your arms around your precious kids.  You must be so proud.  They have your heart.  MAMA LOVES YOU SO MUCH
My sweet friend........ Oh how I miss you so very much. I think of you daily and talk to you often. So much has happened in the last two years that I would love to share with you. 2 years have passed and I miss you each and every day. The boys and I love you so much! Heaven must be so beautiful! Love, Christina, Bryce and Coltyn
‎Jeff Kissinger‎ to Danielle Kissinger Jones March 4, 2014 · Broomfield ·  D, I love you and miss you sooo much. I have not been able to muster many words lately, but want you to know that you have raised three wonderful, strong and caring children. They live life as you did and would have wanted. I have a very heavy heart for your hubby who is going through unimaginable pain and sorrow but is also living the way you would have wanted. Your family is truly amazing. I look at each individual and try to imagine how they must feel. This impossible task leaves me realizing that you made as many memories with others as you did me. Everything around me reminds me of you, and I will never forget the times we shared. I walk around in a daze most of the time hoping that I am just dreaming. It saddens me to think that it took a tragedy like this to open my eyes, but just to let you know, I also have a new outlook on life. I have never felt closer to my Wife and Presto, Mom, Dad, and Tati. Although mom and dad will always be the rock of the family, I promise you that I will take care good care of all our family. I will proudly try to live the rest of my life full of happiness and laughter and care for people the way that you did. I will never reach your status as you have lived this way since birth. Your legacy lives on in all of us. I will meet you on the beach and in heaven again. I love you!
My Precious Baby Girl, I was asked to write you a letter a year ago by my grief group and have never been able to get it done.  I often think of you when you were a little girl.  You were so attached to your Daddy.  Often people would ask if it bothered me that you were so attached to him.  Absolutely not.  He was the calm, I was the storm.  I knew you loved me.  We have always been so close, some may say too close, but not for me.  I didn’t think I was ready to retire when I did, but God had another plan.  He wanted you and me to spend each and every day together from that day until the day He called you home. I will never “get over” you going home before me, but I will let you fly with the Angels, swim with the dolphins and enjoy all the gifts you earned being the Angel on earth that you were.   You made such an incredible imprint on the lives of all who knew you.  You were the light in the room, the smile on the faces, you saw the good in everyone from the homeless to any other stranger you would meet.  The day you went home, there were over 30 people in the waiting area of the ICU to tell you goodbye.  One of Blake’s friends took four buses to get to the hospital to be with Blake.  You always believed to live to the fullest as you never know what tomorrow will bring.  That never came in to focus until you were gone.  You are still on the minds of all who really knew you.   I will wait patiently for the day you come to me in my dreams.
One year has passed my friend since your passing.  I think of you daily And all you were while here on earth... And then I only imagine all you are in heaven above.  Rest peacefully ~ Love Your Pooch
At 8:30 tonight you will have been in Heaven for a year.  I miss you now as I did the day God called you home.  My plan is to remember you with smiles and fewer tears.  The pain is still there but you deserve to be remembered with happiness,  the happiness you brought to everyone that had the pleasure of knowing you.  Love you Baby Girl, rest in Peace in the arms of our Lord and Savior. Mama and Daddy
Happy Birthday to the sweetest friend of all!  Miss you and LOVE you!! ~  Joey
My dearest Danielle,  it has taken me days to build up the strength to say goodbye.  I have had you on my mind every hour of the day since I found out about your passing.  My heart is broken and my tears are running dry now.  My dearest friend,  we worked together at Elms Haven as nurses for years.  Our shift always started out with a "hey sista", and a big hug.  When we worked together we had so much fun.  So many memories that I will keep close toy heart for the rest of my life.  I love you sooo much Danielle!  You loved with all your heart and you always gave your best!  I was blessed to have had the opportunity to have been called your "sista".  I have missed you yesterday, today, tomorrow,  and forever more.  You are so loved Danielle,  thank you for everything my sista!  Save me a good spot right next to you up there in heaven.  Until we meet again,  hugs, smiles,  and kisses always.
I am very deeply saddened by the loss of Danielle. I knew her she was a very beautiful woman and a great soul, beautiful smile and always so kind to everyone. She was so proud of her family!!!!! She loved her kids soooo much, always saying good things about then! I will be praying for the family. God bless you all!
I do not have any childhood memories that do not include Danielle. She was an amazing friend. I will never forget all the times we laughed and cried. Danielle could always put a smile on your face and make you laugh at the silliest things. I will never forget that beautiful smile. Danielle was a woman of courage and strength. She will be in my heart always...never forgotten. R.I.P Danielle. I love you dear friend. Brandi
Danielle had such a beautiful and kind soul.   Her smile and sweet demeanor was infectious to everyone around her.  I am so blessed to have know Danielle through elementary and high school.   You will be truly missed dear friend.  The heavens have gained an amazing angel!   Love,  Marcie
I do not know Danielle, but through all the messages, she was a beautiful person. Keep faith that Danielle is now in a beautiful place where she is at Peace and she is watching over you. With much Love. From far away Beirut..
Dani~ I am not sure why things happen, but it must be for some reason. I hate that so many years went by without seeing you or being there to share things with you. I really always thought of you as a big sister and you always made me feel like part of your family, which I am sure you did for most everyone! I would give anything to hear your laugh and to just sit and talk with you. You were kind, honest, loving and so funny! Even with all the years gone, I can still hear that laugh and can hear your saying things you used to say!You will forever hold a special place in my heart and I will miss you dearly!
Danielle we will miss your crazy wonderful personality, beautiful smile and amazing sense of humor.  You were such a kindhearted, generous person that continually gave to others.  Even in your passing you continue to give to others and to bring people together.  You were very much loved and will always be remembered.   Autumn Rain - Mary Frye, 1932 Do not stand at my grave and weep. I am not there, I do not sleep. I am a thousand winds that blow, I am the diamond glints on snow.  I am the sunlight on ripened grain I am the gentle autumn rain. When you awaken in the morning's hush, I am that swift uplifting rush Of quiet birds in circled flight. I am the soft star that shines at night.  Thoughts and Prayers,
I remember Danielle as a happy person, one to have a contagious "rolling" laugh, beautiful smile, georgeous brown thick, shiny hair &amp; big brown eyes.  I will never forget her-such a deicated hard worker, always talking about her family.  Life is not always fair &amp; this is difficult to take in &amp; understand why the person we look up to &amp; call God,took her from her children, her family, her life.  Danielle will b missed greatly.  Danielle I believe u will b flying thru heaven pain free.  Lord be with you, sweet Danielle.
My dear friend... I love you more than you will ever know.  You and I shared some amazing memories.  Know that you have done very, very well here for everyone.  I will miss you ~ but hold your smile in my heart and your spirit within my soul.   Peace to you ~  Love Joey
By Jessica —   It is with a heavy heart, that I send my deepest sympathies to Danielle's children and husband.  Over the years that I worked with her at Elms Haven, I really grew fond of her.  Danielle was always willing to listen, to give advice or to make you laugh, when your day was rough.  She was a great woman and will be dearly missed.
By Jennifer and Jason Brown —  Oh Danielle, what an amazing mark you left on this earth.  You have touched every heart and soul that has ever know you.  When I think of you, I remember what a sweet, caring, gentle soul you were, and so exuberant for life.  I am so sorry for the time that we lost; these past few years. I've missed you so.  To your beautiful and wonderful family and close friends, we will be praying for the healing and comfort that the Lord can bring.  Knowing that you're in Heaven with our Savior is what helps us all.  We love you and will miss you, dear friend.
By Wendy Hahn Emond —  I am shocked and deeply saddened by what's happened.  You were such a light and an incredibly gentle soul.  My heart is breaking for your family and loved ones.  You made the world a better place for so many and you are greatly missed.
From:  Bob Morley‎ As I think of the beautiful life Danielle (Danilee) lived and how much we all loved her, I remember most how excited Brad was when they began their courtship in 9th grade. Their lives became richer from that time forward as they married and raised a beautiful family in love. It's rare to see two people love each other so completely and so beautifully. God be with you Brad, your children, and all those who loved Danielle. She was a light that can't be darkened. May you each be comforted in the hope of a happy reunion in the life to come.  You will all be in our prayers.
By Kari States — Feb 25, 2014 10:34pm DaniLee,  I have known you since 2nd grade, Emerald school home if the dragons, first class to go all the way thru BHMS, and class of 90 BHS. So many memories. I am praying for your family and my heart is hurting. You will truly be missed. Love u!!!
By Reni Hopper-Moreno — Feb 25, 2014 7:00pm Such a beautiful smile you had. You were such a blessing to all you encountered throughout your life.  You will be missed dearly.  Love and hugs ~
By Aimee (Amos) Loos Stotser — Feb 25, 2014 6:59pm I can't seem to put the words together to express my deep sympathy to Dani's family and friends. I will always remember her as one the kindest, sweetest, most beautiful souls.  The heavens have gained a bright light, and now our world seems a little dimmer.
By Mike Petersen — Feb 25, 2014 6:24pm My thoughts and prayers to all of Danielle's family and friends. My sincerest sympathy for the pain you feel and for the loss.
By Nicoy — Feb 25, 2014 5:39pm Dani when I think of you I hear laughter I see that infectious smile and I feel your true concern for others.  When I think of you it just makes me smile.., you had a way of doing that to everyone you met!  Fly with the angles my friend. Nicoy
By Kim Murphey — Feb 25, 2014 2:12pm When I think about Danielle, I will always remember her smile, her laugh, and her joy.  She will be missed.  My thoughts and prayers go out to her family.  I can't imagine what they are going through.
By Lisa (Smith) Winkler — Feb 25, 2014 2:03pm Danielle always had an infectious smile and love for life, her family and friends.  She was such an amazing person and will be greatly missed.  Sending love to Brad and your children.  I am so very sorry for your loss.  Too soon!
By Trina — Feb 25, 2014 2:01pm I am at a loss for words! I will never understand how or why the good ones seem to go first! You had a wonderfully infectious spirit that will be missed my many!! You will be carried in the hearts of all who knew you! I will miss you!! You have earned your wings! R.I.P Dani! &lt;3
I miss you so much already! I have so many memories of great times we shared together! I loved every minute of our friendship! You have many friends that will be watching over your family! You would be so proud of them already! I will never say goodbye, instead until we meet again! Heaven gained one heck of a woman!  I Love You Forever~Christina L.
I knew Danielle from Elms Haven. She was a beautiful woman with a beautiful smile that would light up the room! I can not imagine the feeling of lose that her family and close friends are feeling right now! Nothing can help the pain but know that you are all in my heart and thoughts!
Danielle, although we grew up together, unfortunately we never had the chance to share find memories other than in class. With that said, you always had such a beautiful smile and a laugh that was infectious and could light up the room. I am thankful that I was able to see you at our 20 year class reunion. I will hold that dear to me. God Bless you!
I have so many fond memories of Danielle. She truly was a gem, one of a kind and someone who radiated light and warmth to all. She was charismatic, kind and hilarious. When I think of her I always see her beautiful smile. I can only imagine how devastating this loss is to her family, friends, Brad and her children. I am sending my prayers, hugs, love and deepest sympathy. Even though I will not be able to be there on Saturday I will be in spirit.
Remember Danielle for her easy smile, generous friendly and witty nature, song bird voice in choir, and how she was always, always kind to me and everyone I saw her around.
Monye,it sounds like yesterday bro.Its a heavy one to take.All our plans died bro.Everythx.God probably has a better plan.Rest well with the angels. Okume nono. Roro.
I can never stop praying for you, my brother, Harry Tabe! Munye, you are 4 years young in heaven! Pray for me!
Harry, My Brother! Happy Birthday! I love you forever! Rest in Peace!
Harry you will forever remain in our hearts
Hey harry    Its exactly two years now since you left us. I still have that space in my heart but I believe one day we will meet again. Your life was a lesson to most of us but we will live to remember you forever. Peace bro.
Happy birthday Harry, you will forever stay in our heart.
Happy birthday dear! I miss u so much!
Happy birthday dear! I still miss u so much
Harry Boy! Gone too soon but forever in our memories. Rest in Peace!
Harry, its one year already but your memories are still fresh in our minds. I’m sure you’re resting with the good God who decided to take you away from us so soon.  Harry fashion, you were our star and still keep shining in our minds. Bro, please rest in perfect peace.
Harry, boh stay in celestial bliss, knowing so many miss you back  here.
One year .like a minute ago.its still fresh in my mind.will never have rest ontil i visit you in ewelle.I know  u are resting in the lord. Love and miss u jo
Harry it's already been a year that the Good Lord took you away from us. We miss you bro. Until we meet again on the other side. May your soul rest in perfect peace.
It's been one year now and I still see the smile on your face and the sexiness in everything you do. Your voice sings in my head like a song unwritten. But you and I know your song was well written. There cld be no greater joy than the one I have knowing you are okay now. In me you live on!!!!! Peace brother of mine! I love you :-)
Its one year today my love. How time flys. It still feels like yesterday. I miss u everyday. Rest well.
Happy birthday my dear!
joe as you always call me, today is a day you were to celebrate a year plus but i'm sure God knows why. wherever you are you'r still going to celebrate it brother happy birth day bigman
Harry,  The pain has gotten better but the memory of u will never die! You inspired me and I'm doing something for you! Rest well my love. You are forever missed and never forgotten.
My dear Harry, I still think about you everyday. Your face still vivid in my mind.  I talk about your person to my friends everyday and all I do is wish u were here. I miss u dear. So much.
RIP cousin. You were one great person to be around. My prayers are with your mom and siblings. Farewell, till we meet again.
Go in peace my friend.
Still in denial! What a gentle soul. Harry, you are one in a million, so friendly and have always got time for everyone. Last I saw you was at Boys Shey's wedding and we all had a really good laugh. Was hoping we will hang out again soon but there you go .... :-( honestly, can someone please tell me where they are all heading to? First it was queen, then Harry and now Abigail. This is all nonsense smhhh
As much as it is sooo hard for me to write about you Harry, I will acknowledge you will be greatly missed. The times I spent with you in our high school days will never be wiped out of my life's  picture. You were so adorable, such that, even though you are gone too soon, those memories of you will live forever. Your departure is so hard to accept, but who are we to question God? I know we will meet someday, somehow, somewhere, certainly better than this cruel world. R.I.P, "Boy" as I normally called you.
Ha! Life! Oh Harry! you have gone to your eternal reward! so peaceful, smiling and jovial even in death! if tears could bring you back to life, you would have come back to us! Ebai, Mbi, Daddy Ayukegba, Obi Clive, Sally Orock, and a host of GRAMMAR SCHOOL mates were there to see you go!  Harry, go, go to that place where we will meet to part no more! You will live in our hearts forever!
Harry my brother from another mother. I am in shock. I believe God alone knows why and you are now resting with HIM. May your gentle soul rest in peace and God's comfort to all your family and friends. Forever in our hearts. Mando
Giggle as i will call you and you will answer Gigu that will just make me laugh,our last phone call still so fresh,you were and will forever remain a great brother and friend,gone to soon but travel safe,RIP Giggle
Harry, I'll miss you man!
Harry Jones you are gone too soon ...May your soul rest in peace and may the LORD  strengthen your family, friends and love ones IJN. Harry  your sudden death reminds me of my purpose on earth. To God be the glory till eternity as you will be laid to rest tomorrow.
Adieu Sir Jones! U'll forever be missed. RIP bro.
Harry Jones, your sudden departure has left a vacuum. I pray you rest in the bosom of the Lord. Greet Papa for me. Bro,you'll forever be missed. Adieu Harry!!
Dear Harry, my dear brother, my sweet in-law, You're gone too soon ....  We always talked on internet. You waited for us to come down from the Netherlands. You wanted to meet Arong and me, Obale's family. You quarreled me that I did not call you, you left your number in a message. You said you were happy, because I love your brother Stanley Obale and you promised me that he would marry me. We talked so much since 2010, and now, now I can only write and hope that you’re watching over us from above.  Dear, dear, Harry, Rest In Peace, and who knows, maybe we'll meet again sometime. We love you ...  Your in-law Anouk, Obale Arong Jr. &amp; baby Tabè
He was a good and simple person.May his soul rest in perfect peace.
R.I.P bigman.
Death comes up on us when our work on earth is complete. Your pictures summarizes one man's love for fellow humans beings. One thing i know is that He that loves you more than we do has called you. We miss you boooooh
For the past couple weeks I've been trying to unravel all these questions in my head, particularly, why this happened to him.  He was a young, happy, and healthy person so full of life with so much energy. Yes, "Harry Tabe" had a lot of great qualities, but perhaps his most endearing quality was his ability to get people to open up.  He made me feel comfortable enough to share my darkest secrets with him, and in addition to great advice, he gave me the confidence to choose the road less traveled and reminded me that no matter what, I will be okay.  I’ll always remember his advice.  He left a mark on every single person who met him especially me.i will for ever miss u brother Harry.may ur soul rest in peace wherever you are now.
My Candella" dats how u called me. My heart is bleeding sooo profusely no one else but you can make it stop. All the memories keep flooding back! During the day when all is noisy and busy i try to forget, but at night when it is calm and quiet the memories are stronger than ever. You mapped out a place in my heart and kept it for u. I shall not try to stop the pain. I shall go on with it everyday as a reminder of how much you gave to me and how grateful I am for the role you played in my life. with that pain you shall remain alive to me forever and I would never say adieu but rather  a bientôt Harry okpu ur candle shall continue to shine as a beacon for us to follow...
Munye" I am so happy and proud to have known you as a brother a friend and spiritual son. when you took ill in 2010, all you called me and asked for were "prayers and a Bible". These am certain sustained you to this right time when your hour had reached. I had looked forward to seeing you again, to hearing your voice and seeing you smile, and the light in your eyes and your hands that soothed pain; I was happy to have known you though brief was the while. Sleep in peace, Munye. soon and very soon, we will surely meet to part no more! O ze no no! !
Dear Harry Its so shocking to know u are gone I will not forget those days at MIFED RUMPI when we usually played and joke together not forgetting the Seminars in Kumba where we spent together Farewel harry u will always be remembered
It's a journey of no return you decided to embark on..... what a life? I can remember few weeks ago you came to my office with another friend and we later shared a drink at the Trinity Club house, we also had a pep talk in which you congratulated and encouraged me. I wish I could translate the meaning of your encouragement.... Soft spoken Harry! ! It's really sad you left in a way no one could imagine.                  ADIEU MONYE! ! !  Till we meet again.
Guys, the jolly Harry can't read us. We are writing to our big family (ourselves), and his grieving relatives. I learnt from him that a good laugh is worth its weight in gold. In his memory I will strive to share the good-humour as often as possible.
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm Harry I am still to come to terms with the fact that you are no more. What a tragic end. I have not been able to write anything on your wall since I heard the sad news. I thought it was a joke or something. everyday I come to this website and to your wall thinking that someone would say it was an "April fool" but which kind April fool for February. It was such fun to be around you. you were so full of life. these sweet memories will I ever keep of you You were a light that burned so brightly and suddenly you went so pale. Sleep now Harry and take thy rest. I know for sure that it is not the length of our days that matter the quality.
We are deeply saddened by the news of your passing. Our thoughts and prayers are with you as you journey beyond. RIP Harry Jones
You had so much life in you I could literally feel it the last time I saw you just a few months ago. May you RIP
Harry - Your early demise and exit of the stage...is now a dire reality I have to live and deal with.  I am thankful I could spend some time with you recently...I am happy for the childhood memories and the various intervals thereafter we could spend and chit/chat.  You are/were my prefect and always will be.  I will miss you...I will keep you in my thoughts and prayers.  I hope all your family, friends, and acquaintances that join to mourn you now and celebrate your life, maybe able to find succor in the myriad reminiscences we/they experienced with you.  Darn!!!!!  Death is inevitable as God constantly reminds us when he calls like he called you.  But we were or are suppose to grow old, albeit bare mortals!...why do the good die young? smh.  I am so teary... I miss you men!  You were such a great human being...I am confident your spirit will remain brave, bold, handsome, brilliant as you were here with us physically.  Keep well brother, until we meet again...Requiescant in pace - C*JN*FOMENKY*II
My dear Harry, its been more than a week now, but still no news that your passing away was a nasty joke. Though you are gone so so soon, the memories of u will always feel like today. Very confident, intelligent, lively and peaceful, you brightened the hearts of those who met you. I really don't know what not to write. Hhhmmm Harry, answer Ogwe na!  You Harry Tabe, had a good heart. You will be forever missed.
You are gone too soon dear friend.I pray our God receives your soul.My heart goes to ya mum and siblings.It's never easy losing someone so full of life. I will miss you. R.I.P Harry
Grand frère. I knew you just for a very short while. In 2006. We shared ONLY good moments together. RIP my grand. You were a nice and humble man.
For the Living and the Dead A psalm of David. The LORD is my shepherd, I lack nothing. He makes me lie down in green pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters,  he refreshes my soul. He guides me along the right paths  for his name’s sake. Even though I walk  through the darkest valley, I will fear no evil,  for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me. You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies. You anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows. Surely your goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the LORD forever. Amen#Ebot Ashu#11/11/2013
Harry its been so long that we met but the news of your death brings some vivid pictures of the old days around BBC,Pelican,The place.A news like this is always a bitter pill to swallow but may God comfort your family especialy your mom and give her the grace to press on.God has lifted you to a higher realm.RESPECT!!
So i'm sitting here Reading all the comments by everybody...listening to the Music in the background tears flowing down my cheeks and then i realise its true...munye don go? I look at ur pics and i get yet Another vibe, i Think about all the times i've seen u full of life, all the memories of u in Buea and all i see is a broad gentle smile and then i know this is what i wanna remember forever. Harry how do u expect us to say goodbye when we prefer to say welcome? How do we Wake up to the very challenging thought that we have to write some tribute to Harry cos he's not here with us anymore?? I'm just not good at this i don't know what to say! U left without any warning...look at how confused and saddened u've made ur family and everyone of us ur friends! Na which kind 419 this Harry? The first day i Heard this news i was like na lie yaaaa. Harry don surely go drink for devil's bar then go sleep for some side then people check say ee don die, make they wait ee go Wake up by evening...na over tiredness. Its been more than a week now and the news keeps getting real by the day. If u can read/see all these messages....pls find a way to Comfort ur sister, ur follow back Roxy...she misses u so much it hurts to imagine being in her shoes. Please assure her in her Dreams that u are fine and doing great so she can accept ur departure and move on with Life. But for today...i do not have a tribute message cos i'm not sure if this is really goodbye???. Let me hang on to ur smile that i remember and the presence of ur spirit i feel when i look at ur pics and Think of who u were! Tears tears....it will take a Life time and we will never forget u! If u really had to go, if this is really GOD's Ultimate plan &amp; purpose for u, then u deserve to rest munye...my dear munye :) We'll miss u more than u could ever imagine.
I miss u so much .youll always be in my thoughts.
HEY T.J.(my brother) I MISS U SO VERY MUCH....BUT I DO KNOW THAT YOUR SPIRIT HAS BEEN IN MY PRESENCE AT THE HOUSE ON A COUPLE OF OCCASSIONS. WE MAY HAVE FUSSED AND ARGUED AND DISAGREED ABOUT THINGS, BUT WE ALWAYS HAD HAPPY MAKE-UP TIMES. YOU'LL ALWAYS BE ON MY MIND AND IN MY HEART. BELIEVE DAT....UNTIL WE MEET AGAIN.
Timothy Jones was a great friend that I adored very much
Timothy jones was an awlsome man he was well spoken and would also help people out. Im going to miss the good o time we had.i love him so muchi send all the blessing to his family
Happy Birthday...miss you soo much. Love Tee.
Geneva, Jeff and I are so sorry to hear of your loss.  This site tells us you are surrounded by love and that there are warm and capable arms to hold you in your sadness.  Knowing you, we also know you will always find your way back to the happiest memories.  We love you, Geneva. God bless.
A TRIBUTE TO OUR GRANDFATHER ROSIAL C. JONES, SR. AKA “POP” You taught us to have a strong heart and a positive mentality. A new generation of Jones' will be among us. We will teach your great- grandchildren the important lessons you shared with us and how you provided for our family. I'm sad you will not see me graduate, but I find comfort in knowing that you have graduated to a peaceful place in heaven. Your legacy will always live on. We will take care of those that are here and maintain the family just as you did. You live through us now, and I promise you, we will make you so very proud!!  Love, Lil Rod As we speak with some degree of grace, Pop is now in a better place Looking down on us with a smiling face. The love that once held our family together Will continue to shadow us through the worst weather. For in our lives you played a huge part, And we've had so many memories That we'll keep close to our hearts. You're gone, but will never be forgotten. We'll always be together and your spirit will live in each one of us forever. So we will not cry or weep at your grave, But we will always remember the love you gave. As you entrust us to use the Jones family name. Love you, Jamaal I know you are looking down on us, telling us not to cry, But it hurts so bad having to tell you goodbye. Your departing has touched this family so deep it’s really hard for me to sit here and not weep. I know you don't want to see me with tears running down my face, But I never thought you would leave me here and go to a better place. I knew you wouldn't be with us forever. So I'm standing here and keeping it together. I know you're up there saving me a seat, But until then I'm going to have our memories on repeat. CJ &amp; Dominique You were there from the start. You held each of our hands with your heart. With every step we took you were there, To share your passion, joy, love and care. It hurts that you’re gone, But the memories we share will never fade. We know you're with GOD and will continue to have better days. We love and miss you Pop more than we can explain, But all we can do now is continue your proud legacy as we carry on your name. Love you always, Jordyn Dear Pop, The connection we shared was more than could be put into words because it came from deep within our hearts and souls, where you have created a foundation that can never be replaced. The last moments we shared showed how tight our connection was. God let me know that nothing could ever break the bond we shared, no matter the distance between us. I thank God for you. The conversation we had, no matter how short and sweet, you were always happy to hear from me and I was always happy to talk. I will hold those last words in that special place you have and will always hold in my heart. I made a promise to you Pop-Pop, a promise that will not be broken or forgotten! Through you, I am a Jones, proud to be one, and I will make you proud! I love you Pop and will carry you with me always.  Forever yours, Victoria I appreciate all that you have done for my family. You were a great father to my mother and treated her like she was one of your own providing her brothers for protection and the support that she deserves. You treated me as your own grandchild and you will be truly missed.  Always in my heart and never forgotten - Sieaun
Ecclesiastes 3:1-8 There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under heaven: a time to be born and a time to die, a time to plant and a time to uproot, a time to kill and a time to heal, a time to tear down and a time to build, a time to weep and a time to laugh,a time to mourn and a time to dance, a time to scatter stones and a time to gather them, a time to embrace and a time to refrain, a time to search and a time to give up, a time to keep and a time to throw away, a time to tear and a time to mend, a time to be silent and a time to speak, a time to love and a time to hate, a time for war and a time for peace. I pray Gods peace in our lives as we allow our hearts to remember the laughter and good times that God so generously allowed us to have with him. We do not know, the time, place or day that God will call us home,but we do know that God has prepared a place in Heaven to call home. God bless!
This is such a beautiful memorial.Geneva, I will continue to pray that you and the entire family will gain strength in knowing that our God will enfold you with his loving arms. If there is anything that I can do for you please don't hesitate to call me
The candle I light represents the light that shone from you my brother that we shared thru life becoming the Men that we became with the blessing of God and his divine wisdom. With Love and much respect.
Rosial favorite bible verse: The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: He leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my soul: He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name’s sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: For thou art with me; Thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: Thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: And I will dwell in the house of the LORD forever.    Psalms 23
Missing you my princess!!
Rest in peace sweet Angel...we all love you here in woods Klan land and we think of you often...continue to watch over your parents as well as other family members and give them STRENGTH to carry on and give them HOPE in knowing that they will soon be with you again! We love you
I miss my mother more and more every day.  She was someone to talk to that gave me strength.  Love you Momma.
My Mother was more important to me every day of my life, and still is.  I think of her every day.  I love and miss her.
I love you Grandma.... and I never, ever stop missing you!!! I know you're with God and you're happy...no sorrow, no pain...for that I am happy - but Oh how I wish you were here...RIP Grandma ♥
I think of my mother every day.  She was such an important part of all of our lives.  I love her more and more every day.
To a man who stood tall even in times of hardship and trial. You did the best with what you had to work with and imparted so much. Your example and leadership may not have been seen while you were alive, but you taught me what it means to work hard and stand for what is right.
God needed His Angel back. Heaven got another Angel! Insomuch that I miss you, it gives me comfort that you are in Heaven, watching over us. I love you Mom!
I MISS YOU...
Happy birthday and we love you baby girl
Love you and let it  be ....
SO VERY SORRY.     FROM:ANOTHER GRIEVING MOTHER          LOVE AND PEACE,TERESSA
Still having a roughweek without you ..I love and miss you always my precious Brooke&lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
I will forever miss your beautiful smile and your sweet spirit. May you sing with the angels. Love you always and forever
FOREVER IN MY HEART
Sending you love and light. In 40 minutes it'll b your angelversary, stay close to your momma Brooke. It'll b an extra hard day for her. Rest easy precious angel &lt;3
Brooke losing you made me want to hold on tighter to mine...Losing you did something to all of us that loved you...You are truly missed...
IN LOVING MEMORY OF BROOKE,, YOULL FOREVER BE IN MY HEART , WE LOVE AND MISS YOU , YOUR BEAUTY, YOUR BEAUTIFUL SMILE WOULD BRIGHTEN ANYONES DAY, MAY YOU REST IN PEACE AND ,LOVE,MY LOVE FOR YOU IS FOREVER,YOUR AUNT VIRGINIIA....
Love and miss you baby girl. You were one of a kind .I was proud to call you my daughter .Love forever Mom!!!!!!!!!
Love and thinking of you and missing you on your 2nd Angelversary!!!!!
will a broken heart ever heal iknow you are with pa paw but that dont really take the pain i was fortune enough to see you take your 1st breath and you last but you told us that christmas u didnt want to live to be old and you  didnt you were loved. yes babywords of wisdom let it be. ill never be the same but im a better persn by knowing you my olomg ledded brat my boogie boo brooke alexis elsenheimer i love ed you  from mi mi im glad i told you when u were here andi know you were a person who loved me
To David And family. truly sorry to hear about the passing of Faye. she was a hard working and nice lady. i am sure she will be missed by a lot of people. I know she loved her husband and kids a lot also.
A Loving Mother Of 3 Children Amy Lang,Joseph Jones And Charles R. Jones Jr  And Husband Charles R. Jones Sr And She Has 8 Grandchildren And 2 Sisters Jeanette CrumblY,Joette Hall
I love you Michael Love forever Mama
Rest in peace my dear Michael. You may be gone home to our Lord, but you will never be forgotten. We love you always.
A religious love for you baby Every night I pray  That heaven will send you back to me Baby you're all I ever needed  Dearly beloved, why did you go When being with you forever is all I hope Slowly the rain is falling in our home Come back and start right from going wrong I'll be still until I hear from you And I'll be waiting until you return this message A religious love for you baby Every night I pray  That heaven will send you back to me Baby you're all I ever needed  A religious love for ya baby Every night I pray  That someday I'll have you for my wife Baby you are my life, please believe me For only God knows how much I miss you And for us to be as one it takes two So don't you go dying on me not right now Please change the impossible to somehow I'll be still there until I hear from you And I'll be praying until you return this message A religious love for you baby Every night I pray  That heaven will send you back to me Baby you're all I ever needed  A religious love for ya baby Every night I pray  That someday I'll have you for my wife Baby you are my life, please believe me In the middle of the night, I'll be callin' you Every single breath I take I hope to see you there If you should ever need, if ever you need a friend Baby I am here and don't forget to remember me Oh baby, come to me, don't leave me lonely I need you here with me so return this message A religious love for you baby Every night I pray  That heaven will send you back to me Baby you're all I ever needed  A religious love for ya baby Every night I pray  That someday I'll have you for my wife Baby you are my life, please believe me
ON THE 28th of DECEMBER we love you..but God loves you
Mom as Each day passes I miss you more and more. I love you with all my heart
Mom today you turned 70. I miss you so much. Not a day goes without me thinking of you. I love you always and forever mom .
I miss you so much and it's really hard.  We are all lost without you.  I find myself missing you alot and I'm trying not to be sad but I just can't help it.  I hope you knew how much you meant to me and how much I love you and how proud and lucky I feel to  be your daughter.  Forever momma...
Grandma Pammy,  it was hard to say goodbye but we will never forget all the great memories we had with you. I love you Grandma and I miss you. I will see you again someday. Please watch down on alll of us and keep us safe and secure. I wish you were here, I remember all the times my siblings and I would get yelled at for climbing the tree I. Front of your house. You weren't just a great person, you were a hero to a lot of people. I love you grandma. Gone but never forgotten R.I.P 11/26/13
Dear Ms. Jones,  I never had the opportunity to meet you but must of been a blessing!  Thank your for trusting me with so many of yours!  I promise Ms. Jones I will take care of yours like you would, minus the switch, LOL.  Rest in Paradise.  Say hello to my dad!  You are soooo missed.  Much Love, Miss Trudi  (Robinson Daycare)
Pam I have such fond memories of you and your entire family.  Although as a child, it was forbidden territory to enter your home, I always managed to "sneak" over there as often as I could.  There was always so much activity and drama-I just couldn't stay away. You possessed the ability to take whatever life handed you in stride.  I never   knew mothers were supposed to have fun, but you managed to do just that.  I have many memories of watching you and Aunt Pat getting ready to go to McGeehees, or play Bingo.   There was always such excitement in your home whenever Bob was coming in from the road.  I never understood at the time the dynamics of your relationship, but I never judged it.  I now realize it was based on a mutual respect for each other and what was best for your family.   I am saddened beyond words to learn of your passing.  Rest in peace knowing the tremendous impact you had on the lives of your family and their friends.  You were on remarkable lady Pam!
Pammy i remember as a child you always saying to me "hey  go get me a beer.you never liked me until you needed the beer.."i i was the trouble maker kid" always causing trouble, smoking cigarettes, fighting with lisa marie,being mean to rae rae .but i never disrespected you.always was really nice around you or tried to stay away when you were back from st joe..but as i got older i felt the love grow between us.you were straight up telling me to get outta kitchen you and bobbi janette. Didnt need me in kithen while she was making her develed eggs and you were peeling your potatoes ..so i got out..pammy this is one of those things that has always been in my mind even when you were here with us. Yes charlie even rembers she mentioned it at the luncheon.as we both laughted.i realized then youve been a big part of my life longer then i realized.i love &amp;respect. The fact you never sugar coated anything what you said is how you felt.pammy love and miss by many.i know you probably filling mom in with all thats changed withl us kids (yours,terri and i)and what we have accomplished in life. Thanks again. To kids hope this was ok what i put on here.xoxo
I miss you so much....taken from us to fast I love you mom
I miss you mom always and forever gone but not forgotten rest in paradise give aunt pat and my dad a big hug and kiss for me also uncle pete and grandma and grandpa and little jimmie
The years seems to Keep rolling by, but the memory of you stay with everyone one that love you dearly.  Continue to Rest In Peace, you are missed!!!
Another year, gone by without you gracing our presence.  You are missed by all that loved and cared for you.  And just like the song says GONE TO SOON.
Five lonely years, since you have slept out of my world.  What a hell of a life. .no one to hold my hand and tell me that it's going to be okay..This whole weekend,  I tried to miss you in my heart..no that didn't happen, I missed you deeply and only God, knows and hear my weeping. .So therefore I pray and ask God, to give me the strength to keep moving on in this world without you in it..Rest In Peace, my loving husband. .
The day that's set aside to remember you and reflect on all that you mean to those that will always love you!!
You are so missed by friends and family, there will always be a hole in the hearts of all that loves you!!
We got a late start knowing each other, but I must say I liked you, not just because you are my husbands cousin but just because of you.  Remembering you today, may you continue to live on in the hearts of all that know and love you!!
My one true love. The good times.
Bonnie you was always there for me no matter what the circumstances you was like a second mother to me it hurts knowing you're gone now but I will always have my memories they can not take that away from me R.I.P bonnie jones sleeptight hope the angles are taking care off you xxxxxxxx
you were and are the bravest women ( other then mum lol ) I will ever ever meet x you were  the greatest sister and auntie and sister in law to dave that ever was x we will all love and miss you always and forever x look after dad and laura for us x sleep tight x
I lost my dad when I was 3, when I met Sid I was 17. After he and I got to know each other it was kink of like he almost picked up where my dad had left off. So losing him was a very heartbreaking experience, and still is. I love this man dearly and want to be sure my grandchildren know what a wonderful great-grandfather they had. Please share any memories/stories you have. I can't wait to read th
I will miss you a lot.  I know you are with my God and your God.  I am going to miss you a lot. You was always there when I or my husband needed you.  You are gone but will never be forgotten
A  compassionate, loving, forgiving and strong soul. She was the best big sister, a teacher a protector, a leader and my best friend we truly were blessed to have her in our lives. I know that she has touched many lives and warmed many hearts. She deserves the best. You are missed so very very much......Peace be with you.
I can't believe it's been a year. I'll never forget getting the call and having to go pick our daughters up from school to give them the news that you weren't coming out of it. Although I had talked to them prior to arriving at the hospital, we still weren't prepared to hear that you were gone when we walked in that room. My heart broke and to see our girls in pain made it that much harder. Although we were divorced and had our ups and downs, I always held a special place for you and always hoped for the best for you. The girls have stayed strong this past year. They've had their moments but that is to be expected. They talk about you everyday. We all just wish you could be here to share in those big moments in their lives. Paige will graduate highschool this year and will head off to college at UNCG in the fall. Madisyn made the highschool volleyball team and is currently playing club volleyball and is doing very well. You would be proud. I know you are watching over them during these moments but its not the same as you actually being here. You will be forever missed! Love, Nic
It feels like just yesterday we all got the news. Words can not explain how I felt that day. In a way I think it still hasn't fully set in that you're gone. It's really hard not being able to call you when we like or come to visit you but I just keep reminding myself that i will see you again one day. I wish I would've gotten more time with you but I can't be greedy. I know you're proud of me and Madisyn we are holding up so strong for you. That's one trait we definetly got from both youu and mom. You were a fighter everyday and most people wouldn't have come as far as you did and that makes me proud to call you my Dad. We need more people like you in this world. I love and miss you.
Not a day goes by that I don't think about you Baby Sister. Thank you for spending so many years with me. You were beautiful! I miss you so much! Come to me in the form of a dream, and we will dance in the sunshine of memories long ago. This is not your Birthday....it is the day you left us.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LITTLE SISTER! Hope you're having a great time. Wish you were here. Deb and I miss you so much. I have so much i'd like to telll you and talk to you about. I guess that time will come though. Love you.
Oh Patty,how we all miss you. * think of you every day. Hugs. Love you baby sister.
I'm going bowling with Mike today to celebrate your life. I'm using your bowling ball and wearing your bowling shoes. Mikes got a tournament Tuesday, so he'll be using your bowling ball for good luck . I miss you so much mom. You're always a part of me, in my heart and thoughts. I love you.
On this day  3/19, 57 years ago, My little sister and best friend was born.   On that day I was given someone who would come at a moments notice, day or night, a person I could confide my deepest secrets in, knowing they would go no farther, a person who never judged me, a person who was always honest with me, We had each others backs 100%.  What a precious gift she was to have. I could go on and on.  I think of you every day, I miss you terribly, you are irreplaceable.
Patty my baby Sister. and my memories of her go way back to the Black and White TV , were we sat intently every Sunday night at 7pm. to watch Disney.  We made our own skate boards back in those days, and we would share one among us. We were free to play un-attended in those days. We Sisters played a lot! I guess you could say we were all one another's best friends. We fought for one another, covered for one another, and shared secrets never disclosed. To say that I love my Sister is not enough. I wish I could of been more like her, soft spoke, delicate, ect...And then too' I wish she could of been more like me. I can't help but be angered that she left us, and sadly today is a reminder of that day.
I can't believe it's been 8 years now. Not a day goes by that I don't think of you, wish you were here. I've changed so much and I wish you could know me now. I wish I knew you more too, not just the person you wanted me to see. Thanks for raising me up to be so strong like you, so independent, so optimistic and kind :) you were a great mom and don't ever think you weren't. We just didn't see eye to eye, but I loved you anyways, unconditionally. I feel your presence, in the birds, in the starry night lights, in the rainbows and butterflies :) you will always be a part of me, I just wish I could see your face, hear your voice, hug you :) I love you mom xoxo
To my amazing Sister you are missed. There isn't a say that goes by that I don't think of or speak about you. Love you always your baby sis
Katrina was such a good friend , we would study life sciences , a general education course while we were freshman at Indiana state university in 1988, my prayers are to the entire family !!
Oh my precious child how much you are missed. I hold your face in my hands and see your eyes; I cannot forget how you looked at me before saying goodbye. You were a true blessing and beautiful person to us all. Everyone who you touched will recall, that spirit you had. You will always be in my heart. I love you Gods child and my daughter.
Miss your laugh and miss you being in our lives .miss you much but you are in a better place would not ask you to come back. Happy birthday in heaven.
Happy Birthday in heaven, we love and miss you so much!
This is a true example of what a "Real" man was. Strive to be like you everyday. Love ya dad
I loved my daddy. He was the best. He was also the greatest popaw in the world. Not only was he there for me whenever I needed him, but he would bend over backwards for anybody that was in need. Love you dad and you will always be in my heart and all the others that you touched while you was here on earth....
Well what can a son say about a father that gave his health and his life for his kids and his wife. I guess I should be thankful for the time I got to spend with him and believe me I am. But my time with him should have been longer and I should have been old and gray myself when I wrote this. Not a day goes by that I dont tell my daughters or Loretta some funny story or words of wisdom I had heard from him. People say that in time it gets easier, well I can say thats not true. I catch myself talking to dad when Im driving down the road alone, and still see him in my dreams. I guess as long as he's in our hearts he is truely never gone, and I for one will hold him in my heart till I take my last breath on this earth and we will dance together when we are reunited dad. Me the girls and Loretta all miss and love you more than u know!!!! Love u always!!!!!!
All the plans we made with you and rita didn't happen but forever in our hearts you will be.and I know you are happier now than any of us could imagine you left to soon!!! we love you
I got to know ul some time in 1972 he was a great friend an brother inlaw he was a good  dad an husband sure do miss him love you bro
U.L. was a hard working and loving Husband, Father, Grandfather, and Friend. He worked since the age of 14 in the coal mines of Kentucky and Wv. He provided for his family everyday with love. I have known him since 10-02-1994 and was married to his son Jamie on 02-26-1995. I loved him like a father and my heart breaks almost everyday he is gone. Til we meet again U.L. watch over all of us.
John, this will be our 9th year without you this Christmas 2018, missing you loads, wish we could turn the 'clocks' back. Lots of love Mam and Dad xx
John was only 43 yrs old, such a talented Son, and so much to give. He is sadly missed by all his family, and will be in our hearts forever.
Nathaniel proudly joined the Coast Guard and served his time well. All of his family are very proud of him and his time spent. Thank you Nate!
I knew not your fine Son, Sibling and Friend. I want you to know I appreciate his years of service in the Coast Guard. I know not if he passed while in the line of duty.It matters only that he risked his life eAch time he helped someone. What a wonderful young man. May he be blessed in Heaven and his loved ones here on earth. please visit my Daughter here ..carrie googins
Dear Nathan: Thank you for putting other peoples lives before your own. No greater love hath man than to give his life for a friend. You were a brave and courageous young man and I know for a surety that your famiky and friends are proud of you and they will hold you forever in their hearts till you are together again in Heaven.
I miss you so much. You went way too soon. But God only takes the best and I know you're safe up in Heaven with God and the Angels. You really did save my life,without you I would have been nothing. You may be gone physically but you are still here in spirit. Can't wait to see you again someday. Your Mummy loves you more than anything!!! &lt;3
Kat, I can't believe it has already been 8 years since you left us. I think of you and miss you everyday. Vickie just turned 50 in April and I am next in July wish you were here to celebrate with all of us. I saw Megan and Courtney at her party, they remind me of you so much, especially Megan. They are both such pretty girls, you would be so proud of them. Miss and love you so much! Love Nay
I think about you often and miss you so much. I miss you singing. You would always sing with the car radio. I love sitting in the grass with you looking for four leaf clover. You sang then too. I still look for them, it seems sometimes they yell at me. I look down and there they are. I think of you every time. Memories of you are all good ones. Love you.
Kat, You are missed so much everyday by all of us. You were such a special,sweet aunt. I see your face everyday in a picture that hangs on my frig. Bo always said you were his favorite aunt and he loved your cherry cheescakes! He still talks about them. I miss you too and wish you were still here with all of us. In the picture on my frig you are smiling and happy, I know that is how you are now in heaven too.Love you Kat
Seems like yesterday  Kat but it's been almost 6 years. it is still hard not seeing you on specisl days I miss you so much .today is your birthday oh how I wish I could hug you and tell you Happy birthday.i love and miss you Kat.
Kat, you were one of a kind.  You could make a little girl feel like she was the only little girl in the world.  I will always remember that....and so much more.  I have a Kat of my own now, named especially after you.  She's a mess.  You would have fun with her, and make her feel like the only little girl in the world too.  Happy Birthday and I love you
SHE WAS SIMPLY THE BEST. I CHERISH THE MEMORIES
work with kat and i was only 16 yrs old and i remember how fun she was and kind to me just a pretty lady inside and out miss her smile
One of the greatest man I have ever known! He loved his family and was a friend to everyone. He loved outdoors and loved his coffee :) When he was not working at his job he was cutting grass or out in his shop making something for someone out of wood. He did not have a lot, but what he had he would give to anyone in need. He loved life! Most important, he loved and lived for Jesus Crist!!!
This was an Uncle that served his country and we lost him way to young as a result of a car and train accident. He was so loved by all his family. He is still remembered a lot by my dad Marvin and his sister Hazel.
Happy BIrthday 89 years old today.  Uncle Marvin and Dad,  We love you and miss you every day.  Love Larry &amp; Joanie
Happy Birthday DAD!  Today made 87 years for you and Uncle Marvin.  I have missed you everyday since you were called home to heaven.  Your picture is on my desk and I see you every singel day.  You were a good soldier and a wonderful Father.  All my love....Larry
I miss you everyday.  You were a wonderful Dad and I am thankful for all the things that you taught me.  I have continued to serve Veterans in every way that I can and for as long as I can.  Love Larry
You are 91 today and spending your first birthday in Heaven.
HAPPY 87th BIRTHDAY UNCLE MARVIN.  I hope to get up to Norfolk before it gets too cold and visit with you.  I hve you and dad's pcture on my desk and talk to the two of you every day.  I am proud to have been one of the "Jones Boys"... Love, Larry &amp; Joanie.
My Dad and his twin Uncle Mel proudly served their country as a team. They were together through all and kept close watch over each other and our country. The bond that they shared is like none other and we all love then so much!
Jamie and family, May the Lord be with you all in this time of need....Trisha was a great, strong minded, beautiful, and caring young lady that we all love very much......I know she would want you to smile instead of cry and carry on her strong will.  I love you Jamie and I am here if you need me for anything. RIP Trisha you are loved by many!!!!!
Jamie       I know you are feeling some type of way... A feeling I could not imagine... But you are strong like your mama and I know you will get threw.. But I am here for you for any thing you may need. You are in my thoughts and Prayers.. I Love You Jamie LOVE Crystal
Jason, You are in my prayers and I am so sorry. God Bless you and your family. I am always here for you. I love you and you know you are just like my child too. You and Bryan!
To all of Patricia's family So sorry for your loss, the good memories will keep you going, Patricia left a good memory with me... i'll remember.  Keep making beautiful memories with your family.
Joan, I'm so sorry to hear about Patricia. I always loved Patricia. She and I have shared many laughs together. I love you and if there is anything I can do for you, just let me know. I'll be happy to do anything. Love, Terry Lunsford
Jamie, You may nor remember me but I use to take you to your baby sitter on the way to work years ago. I just want to let you know how sorry I am to hear about your mom. I will keep you in my thoughts and prayers in the days ahead. God Bless you and your family.
Jamie and family, Doug and I are so sorry in the passing of your Mother.Praying for comfort for all the family. Doug and Marie Jones
To the Family of Henry R Jones: Please know that our thoughts and prayers are with you today and always. Let it be a comfort to you to know that your love one is resting in the arms of Our Heavenly Father. Wishing you Peace in the Promise of God. Lillian Cox Williams, Ted Williams and Ursula Williams, Greensboro, North Carolina
our memory of barrie and Anthony be with us now and forever' taken to soon loved and missed always. all our lv and kisses we send. one day we will all be reunited. together in god.s garden of rest. and peace. sleep now together.god bless u both
Ifonly heaven had visiting hours, sending hugs,xxx
Happy Birthday Tommy,miss you more than words can say,XXX
LOVEYOU FOREVER, SLEEP TIGHT TOMMY, XX
Your wings were ready.my heart was not.love you miss you.xx
If only I could give you a birthday hug.sleep tight. Love you forever.xxx
Five years have passed.but still you stay as near and dear as yesterday.
Those we love Don,t go away, they walk beside us every day,still loved still missed in every way,
Thankyou for the years we spent together, love you always forget you never.xxx
Buggar yesterday was hard celebrating my birthday knowing you left us on that day but I know you were with me and so was nard I miss you so much I talk to the sign everytime i go to Mom's.i can hear you saying angel you don't know that b she is crazy lol I hope you liked the flowers .untill I see you again you will forever be on my mind and in my heart love angel
Bugger 8 yrs ago today .You left me and my heart was ripped out .I almost  went with you it is so hard not to be able to talk to you or just see you.I thought about killing myself so i could go with you .but i thought about my grandson knowing he and angel needed me and John.a couple of weeks after you died Mackenzie came into my life .. She needed a mother to raise her and that gave me more reason to go on living ,and Angel john and james needed me . but you were my brother that i loved so much , not day goes by you are not on my mind . I know you told me you would never leave me. I know you watch over me every day of my life . and i see  little things that tells me you are still here with me . i will see  you again one day my brother. I still have every letter and card you sent to me . Bugger its so hard to go on sometimes but when the time is right you and Timmie will come to get your sister . that will be such a happy reunion. Cant wait. I love you my brother till we meet again.Love your sister aways Darlene
Happy Birthday my brother i love you sooooooooooooo much .and miss you everyday of my life.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY BROTHER .I MISS YOU SO MUCH LOVE YOU FOREVER AND A DAY LOVE DARLENE
bugger tomarrow is your birthday god only knows in my heart how much i miss you you will be 44 tomarrow ,i love you forever and a day love your sister ALWAYS DARLENE
WELL BUGGER ITS BEEN 5 YRS TODAY SINCE  YOU WENT TO LIVE WITH GOD ,BUGGER YOU WERE SUCH A HUGE PART OF MY LIFE .AND WHEN YOU DIED PART OF ME DIED TOO. .ITS JUST NOT THE SAME WITHOUT YOU . I LOVE YOU SOOOOOOOOOO MUCH AND ALWAYS WILL , AND  IM SORRY I CANT LET YOU GO. I LOVE YOU WITH 1/2 OF MY HEART AND THE OTHER  HALF BELONGS TO NOODLE  , MY  NARD  . YOU DONT KNOW  WHAT I GO THROUGH EVER DAY OF MY LIFE MISSING YOU NO ONE DOES  YOU KNOW YOUR SISTER LOVED HER BUGGER BABY, BUT LISTEN TO THIS  YOU WILL LOVE THIS ANGEL NAMED A DOLL AFTER YOU YESTERDAY AND THE ONE SHE GOT IS ALSO NAMED AFTER YOU . SO SON WE HAVE DIFFERENT WAYS OF KEEPING YOU ALIVE TILL WE MEET AGAIN ONE DAY . DONT EVER FORGET THE LOVE THAT YOUR SISTER HAS FOR YOU AND I KNOW YOU WONT . LOVE YOUR SISTER ALWAYS DARLENE
My Dearest Brother live really isnt good  imiss you so much have a wonderful birthday my brother until i  see  you again you are always in my heart . love you so much love your sister always Darlene
oday i lit a candle for you .its been 4yrs today and the hurt is still as bad as if it happen yesterday . bugger i love you so much and no one knows  how your sister misses you
Well my brother  today is your  birthday you are  43 today.God bugger i cant put into words how much i love and miss you .i will miss till i take my last  breath and you and timmie come to get your sister then we will    all be together again . HAPPYBIRTHDAY  I LOVE YOU BUGGER BABY LOVE  YOUR SISTER always Darlene
bugger i miss you so much .cant believe its been 3 yrs since you left your sister behind . I LOVE YOU ......................
To my big sister who went way to soon love you and miss you so much.
REMEMBERING YOU THIS MEMORIAL DAY!!
Winnie Easton Jones was one of my long distance, multi-talented friends- a fascinating amalgam of spiritual and irreverent; confident and questioning; profound and quirky.  Never knowing what she would say, you were always confident of her enthusiasm, and her willingness to network you with one of her other friends, who could help your situation.  Thank you, Winnie.
Winnie was a creative kind and enthusiastic teacher at Penobscot School,  Her skill and joy in teaching French pronunciation was legendary.  I met Winnie at the open houses at the beginning of each semester and always appreciated her kindness and interest in myself and all she met.  She took time for people and I'm sure her students will never forget her. May angels surround you, Winnie!
I met Winnie when she studied with my husband, artist Don Esley back in the 1980's. We both stayed in the B+B she and Howard had in Rockport; had many other good times with the two of them!  I reconnected with them when I moved back to Camden from Portland in 2003 after Don's death.  So sorry I missed the memorial service ~ didn't know about her passing until yesterday.
I stayed at Winnie"s(and Howard's)  B and B while visiting from the UK.  trying to find the right place to move to in the U.S - Winnie pointed me in absolutely the right direction and I have been happy in Maine every since.  Thank you Winnie wishing you happiness in the world beyond.
Dear Winnie, My wonderful french mentor and friend ,  I only knew Winnie for about a year but she added so much to my life. I received a garbled message from her 2 days before she left us and the only thing I understood was " I love you."  I shall treasure those words. The picture I posted was taken of us at the opening of our B&amp;B . She was so delightful and engaging as always that night.
I met dear Winnie around 15 years ago when she was selling the B&amp;B and I liked her immediately.   We met again many times at memorable Thanksgiving celebrations, lunch with friends, and as members of the Maine Women’s Network.  I will always remember her loving, fun nature, creative spirit, incredible energy, and amazing intellect.  We love you Winnie and think of you often.
Winnie's Birthday this year is Tuesday June 11th!!! Join our "Winnie Birthday Party". On top of Mt. Battie. 4-7pm. Top Parking Area. Bring something Bubbly a glass for toasting and share some of your favorite Winnie moments. She was such a Fun, Funny, Witty and Wise woman. Her big spirit will be deeply missed. Come and share her Joie de Vie! Please share this invite. XO
We met in 2006, the year I moved in with Norm and Skye Hirst.  Winnie was frequently in the house and participated in holiday celebrations.  I remember Winnie as unfailingly encouraging and light of heart.  Through her stories she conveyed the magic and wonder she perceived in life.
Oh Winnie my friend from the past. I remember your smile and your laugh and all the fun times we had at the Maine Women's Network Midcoast Chapter meetings. I was so happy to have met you and we had fun times you,me and Karen.  I too was one of your fellow Geminis. I will always remember you Winnie and may God rest your soul with his peace.love S usa
So my dear Winnie,  fellow Gemini,  we had so much fun together, laughing,  being silly,  and playing cards,  and hanging out. You took us to the rock in Rockport where the high energy comes and I know you will always feed us that lovely high energy fun you brought to us all, every time we think of you and feel that heartful connection we have with you..Loving, joyful carefree times...
I have listened to you all my life, You were the greatest singer,of all time I know you are singing with the Angels now,and there is nothing greater rest in peace dear friend, until we meet again
george jones you were the greastest country singer everyone has known everyone's sad about your passing even your fans are paying tribute god bless you and we will miss you all peace
membering a ,sister , a mother ,grandmother, aunt ,cousin but most of all I remember you as that special friend through some hard times and good times but we remain and kept the bond. it's been 4 years since the Lord called you home to rest . thinking of you . And we miss you, Rest in love friend.
The love of my life and soul mate. Guess God needed her more than me she is deeply missed by many.
membering my friend and sister in law!   rest in love, I miss you dearly..
hinking of you and all the years that has come and gone, all the good times we shared an so many memories, rest in love an happy birthday in heaven my friend, love and miss you. sis..
membering a special friend, we had good times, bad times, but through it all you kept it real. my friend whom I love an miss dearly.. rest in love Beverly, you are loved an missed...
Missing you today and everyday... Two years you have been gone. You will forever be missed and loved. I hope you are ok and happy. Life has been with a huge void....come visit in my deamd
Still missing you....life is so hard without you and ma.....
Missing you more each day...it is so hard without you here.
Daddy it has been a year and i cant get over losing you...please come visit me....
You mean't the world to me . Miss you each and everyday . Will never forget our talks.
Your Niki Poo misses you everyday! and your "Zebb" will always hold memories close to his heart &lt;3 He always looks at your picture in the livingroom :)
My heart is broken....you meant the world to me,
Happy birthday Mom!!! Think of you all the time and miss you terribly
Missing you more each day and remembering everything we ever talked about or did together....Life is so hard with out you in it...
Heaven gained an angel when you left our side. It was very hard for us to dry our eyes. God in his infinite wisdom, only takes the best. He knew you were tired and needed to rest. So on this 18th anniversary, I wish I could give you a big hug just so you would know how much you are loved.
WE ALL LOVE AND MISS YOU ALL THE WORLD XXX HAS ANY ONE TOLD YOU DAY  CAUSE I DO XX
My sister was a wonderful,loving person.She battled cancer for years,but she keep her love for her family up first.Two great sons ,Johnny Carl Mason,Robert William Mason and a beatiful daugther Ellen Denise Mason. I missher very very much but I know I will see her again.Rest in peace sister,I love you,say hi to mom an Dad.
miss u everyday xxx
jack phillip cala daniel kierran chelsea and miley love u xxx
Miss you, sweet lady!  Will forever remain a precious memory in my heart.
My second mother.....you were never afraid to tell it like it really is. I learned so much from you about life and loving EVERYONE, no matter their background, race, religion.  And that's what mother's do for their children......teach them.  Thank you. Love you.
Ollie Pearl Jones you are my shining star that I will never ever forget who will always be near and dear to my heart. I will always carry you beneath my wing. Moma I love you so very much and miss you so very much I wake up with you on my mind all the things we were able to share and accomplish, the places we traveled together, giving you that first ride on an airplane. I love you!!!
The world has lost a true Man Of God a man that fought for the  right of all people around the world I am a better man because off him I love you and will remember and you are truly Missed I LOVE YOU
Steve, Debbie, Matt and Heather, Very sorry to hear of Connie's passing. Though it has been many years since last seeing her, I always kept her in thought and treasure the years we worked together. She was a great person and had a wonderful smile! I will keep your family and Connie in my prayers. Take care, Bert Carilla (former A/C Pipe friend)
Steve,Debbie,Matt and Heather....I am so sorry for your loss, she was a wonderful lady. I'm going to miss seeing her for her hair appointments. Find peace in knowing how much you meant to her and the memories you will have forever....Melanie (Hairtech)
Steve, Debbie, Matt and Heather...your mom and mom-mom (Mrs. Jones) was very special to all of us too...we loved her dearly and are so sorry for your loss..take one day at a time and know that she will always be watching over you. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all may she RIP...Love you, Vince, Michelle, Vinnie and Mikey xoxo
A whole year has gone by.  I miss you more today than the day that you left.
RIP Cousin!!!  I love you!!!
Tell the Lord and Aunt Jean hello and glad your feeling better. Love your cuz Scotty
I will away miss you and the times we had together as I grow into lady thank you for being one of those people to show what that was.tell my grandma I said hey
Cuz very much missed, but gone home to join the family and to continue the watch over all of us. Love you and truly missed.
I have never met you, the family and friends.  I just wanted to say your memorial is beautiful.  I pray God will continue to strengthen you. I hope you can also take comfort in Revelation 21:4: "[God] will wipe out every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more…the former things have passed away.""
God is never too busy to tend to our cares. Believers all over the world are hurting deeply today. The Lord know how you can be a servant to someone who needs your friendship. Ask him to use you as a healing salve for the family.
Sorry to hear this... God Bless the family
If tears could build a stairway  and thoughts a memory lane  I'd walk right up to heaven  and bring you home again  No Farewell words were spoken  No time to say good-bye  You were gone before I knew it  And only God knows why. My heart's still active in sadness  And secret tears still flow  What it meant to lose you  No one can ever know.
To my uncle Jack Jones You are truly missed &amp; always loved. Your smile &amp; jokes are missed so much. I will always love you. My "Jack Baker."
G
To my dear daddy,I love you so much,I miss you dearly..its not a day pass i dont think of you.i think of the time you would sit and talk to us and say how pretty we were.I miss the laughter and all the jokes.R.I.P my daddy Jack.forever my love.we will meet againuntil then i love you.
I truely miss the short time we all live in Baptist Branch, he always had away to intertain everyone.A great man that tried to be the best he could, Will miss you JACK. but the joy you left all of us will remain. REST BROTHER JACK.
To you from your daughter's and family you will forever live in our hearts. Your humer,laughter,jokes and love will never be forgotten. We will meet again one day. Gone to soon
I am so so sorry for Mike's passing!!  I pray God fill the void &amp; emptiness you feel with His love, peace &amp; comfort as only He can. Worked with Mike at Colonial &amp; BB&amp;T. He often spoke of his friend/wife with such love. Jackson you are one of his (daddy's) greatest joys Mike loved you both so much. He is missed! GOD BLESS!!!
Happy birthday Al, miss you loads.  Scattered some of your ashes today at the crem with Owen, felt it was the right time.
Always in our Thoughts xxx
AJ my buddy,  Miss you so much, miss the laughter we had on our nights out.  forever in my thoughts xxxx
hanks for the great 8 years of laughter alan it was a pleasure knowing you god bless moon xxxxxx
o dad, i miss you dad so much. love from owen.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Alan what can i say ? miss you more as each day passes sleep easy my BROTHER til we meet again love Rob xxx
Missing my husband a lot today...having some problems with some friends of mine.  But anytime that happened, Johnnie would pick me up, swing me around and tell me not to worry about what other people think.  "It's u and me against the world Bell" and it just made me feel so safe...god I need him so badly.  I just want to feel his arms around me one more time.  But that time will come.
This site is in tribute to a beautifully passionate soul who I was able to be lucky enough to spend much of my life with.   Although he was depressed towards the end, he had a special aura about him that captivated me.  Johnnie was taken from us way too soon.  He lived life in the fast lane but I feel he has finally found peace.
I miss you dearly my babs.  I know you think it's stupid to talk to u, like you'd actually be looking at Facebook.  But everyone should know how good you were to me and how special our love is. *KISSES*
Best thing that ever happened to me - Gladys Knight and the Pips Jus can’t get the picture of you vibin to that song out my head right now! Lol . Love you and miss you so much!!
HAPPY  BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You are truly missed, but today we celebrate you and the memories we share with you. Love Always
Happy Birthday and I miss you. Thank you for blessing my life and with 2 beautiful kids. Love you always.
Happy birthday to you..... happy birthday to You..... HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR JALANDAAAAAAAAAA......Happy Birthdayyyyyyy toooooooo....... YYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!! Happy 51st Birthday!!!!
Happy Birthday in heaven Jalanda, miss you much, just thought of you yesterday, your children and grand daughter is growing so nice, my God daughter is doing a wonderful job raising her.
Happy Birthday Mami!!!!! Wishing you another beautiful and blessed year in heaven! I love you always and forever my lady. Your love and light continues to burn bright in all of us and I forever grateful to have that. Turn up in heaven beautiful!
Had a dream recently where I heard your laugh
I miss you
To my friend Jalanda, I often think of you and the times we shared. We had great times at nycha and outside of nycha. You are truly missed. I can still hear your laughter. May you SIP and continue to watch over your beautiful family.
Happy Birthday to the best aunt I ever had.  Miss and love all the time.
Happy 50th Birthday Auntie Jalanda. There is not a day, a birthday, a holiday, a thought that goes by and I not think of you. I miss you and love you.
Thinking about you heavily on this day, and always and forever missing you.   Love you always.
5 years today . Jazlene sees your picture &amp; says "mama" every time. Even though she's hasn't met you she knows who you are. Greatest blessing of all . She's a mini you .Continue to Rest In Peace Angel 4.28.67-11.8.11
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JALANDA!!!!!!!
You are missed by many, but I know you are shining down on everyone.  I know you are proud of your children, nephews and niece.  It is your light that guides them on the right path.  You are missed but your light is so bright.
You are missed by many, but I know you are shining down on everyone.  I know you are proud of your children, nephews and niece.  It is your light that guides them on the right path.  You are missed but your light is so bright.
I always remember you taking me everywhere you went.  I was like your shadow.  The best was always the skate key.  I miss those times.  But although we can't do the things we used to do at the present time,  those memories last FOREVER. And as those memories last forever,  just know that you will be "forever missed". Love you always.
Not a day goes by your missed every second of the day. My best friend and my hero. Love you always and forever and will continue to live on through your family ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Four long years, I remember setting in the house watching NY undercover like yesterday. I miss you and love with all my heart. As you continue to watch over us just know how much you are missed and loved. There is a little piece of joy in the family now and Tiara is doing an amazing job. Reminds us a lot of you. Loud and moody. ...Hope you and my father are playing nice up  there. Love you
Happy Birthday my beautiful angel!! I miss you soooo much! Not a day goes without thinking of you. Every second is based on you always and forever. I want to thank you again for always being there and being the best mom. Give us your guidance and support like you always do and the strength to persevere. I hope you enjoyed your wonderful and blessed day because you deserve it all! Love you always and forever mami love!!! Happy Birthday!!!!
Happy Birthday Aunti La-la. Thinking about you on this day. Missing you  much. Always Loving you!!
Happy Birthday!!!!  Your footprints will forever be imbedded in our lives.  Today we celebrate your life and the love you provided daily to your family.
Happy Birthday!!! I miss you so much. I remember when I was little you use to come over on the weekend with Tiara and Derrick and spend the whole day with us. We all use to have so much fun. So many beautiful memories. I know you and boobi are looking down on us right now. I love you always and forever!!!
Dear Mami,  Leaving me and Tiara is the hardest thing for both of us.Its been a year and you're gone.My heart is still in shocked and crushed everyday.I feel that I haven't had enough time to spend with you.I regret it everyday because there is so much you're missing in our lives.I know you're looking down at us with full support and guidance...
There is something in stored for us in the future and you are there for to make it happen.Love you always and forever and missed.In my heart and everybody else.My tears are tears of happiness that I got to at least have the most wonderful time and experience with the greatest woman in the world.LOVE YOU !!!! See you soon
Remembering you on this November 8, 2012 as the day you began your journey to heaven to begin building the house for the rest of the family to live happily ever after in. We'll be there with you soon enough; but until then, hold down the Fort and watch over us down here. Your spirit will remain with us forever. I love you; have always loved you, and will never forget you.
Ugh I wish you was here sheeeeesh...
Thinking about you &amp; laughing at the same time....you know those containers I got Saturday (your colors) it was booboo smh
Hey Sheen I sure do miss you....they tried to leave me outta the family portrait but I added myself LOL
I love you Sheen
Thinking about you Sheen
Good morning sheen I miss you every day I love you so much I can’t wait tell the day I see your beautiful face sister I miss you so much and I miss nene you guys well forever be In my heart I love you so much sister if I can go back i would keep you safe in my arms my angel it’s hard without you but I know your by my side forever it’s hard really hard but I keep it going because I know you believe in me and but hope in me you would be so proud of me sister all I want is just to be in your arms agian but just wait I well see you agian I love you sheen fly high my little beautiful angel   #longlivenerrajay
I LOVE YOU
Hey Niecy.... Missing You But If Your Mom Can Find A Way, I Can Get By Until I See You Again.  We Love You Shanerra - Sheen Machine !  Keep That Lip Gloss Popping
Happy Birthday to my very amazing beautiful mean and loving daughter that I miss so fuccing much, GoD knows I’d give any and everything to have you here with me however the Lord saw different so I gotta rock with it so enjoy your day in heaven and I know nene gone have you turnt up , continue to watch over me until I check in with yall , I love you and miss you Daughter #mommiesprincess #nerralojaybonene #mybabiesforever❤️
Happy Birthday Sheen  Today you would’ve been 27 on the 27th ( that’s eveybody new saying on their birthday. I know that would’ve been your caption lol ) I love &amp; miss you terribly !!!! I just wish I could spend one last day with you. May you continue to Rest In Peace my beautiful angel
Happy Birthday Sheen....I love &amp; miss you
Happy 27th Birthday Sheen..... Only if you were here today. I always came to see you when in town and know I still come to see your mama &amp; your sister!! You are missed babygirl you are so missed!! I love you HBD Aka Shing
SheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeN
I love you Sheen &amp; per Trece post below she will not see you soon, one day but not right now.....keep watching over us beautiful
Thinking about you
Sheen sheen I know you was happy to see Nene , but this shit crazy af another daughter gone. I love you both so much! yall generated the same love to me I honestly don’t know how much more I can take, this shit got me speechless , restless and lost I’ll be to you guys soon tho hold me a spot mommies coming love you both always and forever see you at the heaven gates
GOOD MORNING ITS YOUR BIRTHDAY MONTH SHEEN AINT THAT SOMETHING, SHIT CRAZY AF DAUGHTER , NEVER IMAGINED LIVING LIFE WITHOUT YOU! THERES NOT A DAY THAT GO BY THAT I DONT THINK OF YOU , YOU LEFT MANY MEMORIES FOR ME TO CHERISH AND IM FOREVER GRATEFUL OF THAT. I CRY “EVERYDAY” LITERALLY, IF I HAD ONE WISH IT DEFINITELY WOULD BE TO HAVE YOU BACK HERE WITH “ME” LIFE IS SO BORING WITHOUT YOU, UNTIL WE MEET AT THEM HEAVENLY GATES ILL CONTINUE TO KEEP YOUR MEMORY ALIVE MY BEAUTIFUL PRINCESS, LOVE YOU AND HOPEFULLY SEE YOU SOON
I MISS YOU SHANERRA JONES
I already messed up this year so 2020 is definitely my year Sheen LOL....sheesh I miss you so much...I need a new play list
Happy New Year Sheen....wish you were here :(
Merry Christmas Daughter 6 years later and the shit feel like yesterday , the pain is indescribable but know I love and miss you every SECOND of the day and can’t wait to greet you at them heavenly gates , until than I shall keep your memories alive, I love you Princess....
Merry Christmas Sheen I love you.
I LOVE &amp; MISS YOU SHEEN
Good morning Sheen, woke up thinking about you...I love &amp; miss you so much :(
These days now don’t amount up to NOTHING without you here , only brightness I have is your nephew Pookie Man! Everyday I open my eyes and wish it was opening from a bad nightmare smh I often don’t know what to do with myself , I just take it all #onedayataytime and await on my number to be pulled to greet you at them heaven gates! Lord knows I miss EVERYTHING about you LITERALLY! So hard to explain the feeling I carry daily , one thing for sure my heart is destroyed into pieces and can never be healed!
I love you daughter‼️
Thinking about you Sheen....I LOVE YOU
I love you
Good morning beautiful.....missing you....I will always keep your memory alive
Happy 4th Sheen another holiday without you , I’ll never understand but what I will do is keep your memories alive til my last breath. Life without you is a struggle daily , I miss your soul daughter
Wish I could trade places with you
Happy 4th Sheen.....missing you
I love you Sheen
Damn this day just don’t make since....I wish i could trade places with you so you could live your life ugh fawk this day Sheen ily babii 6/2/12K
I thank God daily for getting me thru cause without him I can't call it. I know we gon meet again and that's when I will be at peace until than my Princess just know that I miss you with everything in me. Shanerra Jones
6.2.12k
Shanerra as the time goes by my loneliness grows, I think of you daily in silence, this pain runs deep! You are instilled in my heart daughter I'll never let go , the loved you showed me baby girl was unconditional. I cherish all the memories we shared , all the pictures you left behind
I LOVE YOU SHEEN....YOU’RE ALWAYS ON MY MIND
Everyday is dark for me without you here daughter, i wake up wishing it was all a nightmare and you will be right here with us...i will never be able to swallow this one, turned my entire life upside down with no way back, i love and miss everything about you literally Shanerra:( i just want you here back with me daughter.
I love you Sheen
Sheen you see all this happening....I know you’re like yassss lol....everything falling into place as it should.....LOVE YOU
Missing you
happy valentine's day sheen i love and miss you!
HAPPY VALENTINE’S DAY SHEEN iL &amp; mY
Screaming Happy 26th Birthday to my daughter Shanerra I love and miss your soul baby girl and Ima go all the way up for you today
#LONGLIVENERRAJAY
Happy Birthday Sheen I love &amp; miss you
Happy Birthday Niecy. Miss You So Much!!!
Listening to music thinking about you.....imy ily SHEEN
These days without you keeps me lost babygirl , I miss you always!
Another year has passed and though we miss you as much as ever, with every passing day I know our reunion gets closer. My greatest sorrow is that our children, especially Brittani, didn't get to share but 4 years of her life with you. Please know that you are truly missed and I will never ever forget the wonderful years we shared together and the great birthdays you had every year, Happy Birthday RevMike....
Woke up this morning with you on my mind. Amazing how somedays the warmth of your smile and the comfort your prsence next to me brought. When I left our home in the morning you made me feel like I could conquer the world and we did for awhile. Its apparent that the Tiger you brought out of me is no more as my days are spent wondering where we would be if our Lord had left you here with us. Thank You Baby for leaving me your eternal touch through our children, you would be proud of them. Your Husband RevMike
You will live on in our  hearts as a true woman of God...
missing my friend i wish i could turn back the hands of time just to see you one more time, to her you laugh at me and say Bev and to watch you rock back and forth as you would do when we were trying to think of a way to get some money when we were short on funds. may God strengthen and comfort your family during this time of remembrance
Hey, it is what it is....your favorite saying Tra'. Not a day go by and especially around this time of year you pop up in our hearts for real. Can't forget you and now Tyna and Pam are with you in glory. As I watch your children grow up, I know you proud. I will mourn you til I join you. SIP!
I miss you Traci God continue to bless your family continue to give you comfort and strength in the name of Jesus amen
here is not a day that I don't think about roomie from tsu she was such a wonderful, loving, compassionate person. may god continue to bless and keep you all giving you strength and comfort  god bless Bev
Traci was about family as she taught many by example. .. To bra n Britt we luv ya 305 767 6217
Every day I wake up with woulda, coulda and shoulda on my mind. Constantly wondering what woulda happened, what coulda been accomplished and what shoulda been the outcome of a life so special. I have never been the same since Traci left this life, Bryan and Brittani are a constant reminder of our love and they are the fruit of the same. Today I celebrate her life and the 17 years we were together. If you loved her reach out and touch her children (Bryan and Brittani) today, I know she would appreciate it.                                                                   Reverend Michael Blackwell
So much I want to share but God knows all so I put it in my new book.  I know you were gone too soon. I've heard your voice still in times I needed to remember in your favorite words-" Mike, it is what it is..." We love you as a  friend, a sister (family). My daughter Destiny reminds me of you. I can't forget your laugh and how you'd rock back and forth on your bed. You taught me so much in your humble ways though you were ill at times. I still have that picture you signed that told me I was family. From the day we met, we connected in spirit and you knew what I was saying about my life. You had lived it all. I will always hold your memory and these tears in my heart. For you were my best friend and we shared everything: hurts, pains, and joy. When it came to Jesus you were serious and believed that others felt the same way. You were my ryde or die sister...Your family became mine and your memory lives on through me. I am a better person because of you who always put family first. You believed in me and that kept me on the straight and narrow for life. Spending time with Pam, Tyna &amp; more has help me heal. You were a person who was powerful but meek as a woman. You knew I had your back under any circumstance and called me crazy....Only you could calm me down(Tombstone). Tra, I miss you !                                                                      ---Pastor Mike Devine
Sometimes hard to believe you not here.
words cannot express the saddness i continue to feel for a special friend.my first college roomate at tsu in dec of 1982. the fun and laughter, tears we shared at tennessee state university. only god can fill the emptiness. may god bless and keep your family
There is not a day we don't  think, talk or visualize your memory. Your legacy is safe in our hearts. Mike, Bry and Brit...
My heart tore 9 years ago and tears filled my eyes because I knew my life, would never be the same. There isn't a day, an occasion, a celebration or a challenge that I face and wish I could share it with you. I wonder in my quiet moments and in my storm; where did you go, why aren't you here.... But my faith tells me I will see you again. With endless love, your sister Vicki
To lose someone you love is to alter your life for ever. You don't get over it because 'it' is the person you loved. The pain stops, there are new people, but the gap never closes. The hole in my heart that no one else can fit. Missing U
Dear Mommy ,    8 years Has passed since god took you . My Heart still aches 3 I Miss You Alot : ( you where the only mommy I had. I lost you too soon , I need you more than anything , there's so much I need too tell you , so much anger inside me &amp; pain in me that no one understands . I Love You Mommy.
If Tears Could...  If tears could build a stairway And memories were a lane,  I would walk right up to heaven To bring you home again.  No farewell words were spoken.  No time to say good-bye.  You were gone before we knew it,  And only God knows why.  My heart still aches in sadness And secret tears still flow.  What it meant to lose you,  No one will ever know.
You are my gaurdian angel and the spirit that lets me know it will be alright. I didn't know you to much while you were alive but over the years i have become one with you. When ever i have a doubt and start to tumble in darkness i think about you and it lets me know that i shall pass and forever grow in joy and happiness. With you one day i will be fully healed from my injury.
I still remember that night when my dad and I got the call. I still cry end think about it almost every day. I proud that the cross I mad is still standing.
I miss my sister daily and October 1st is coming up way to fast and I am going to miss her even more especially after it being 2 years since her passing. I love you Ruth and I cant wait to see u again someday. Kiera is becoming a beautiful young girl, she is a spitting image of you. Even though I am in Job Corp at the moment I will go visit her again and see that same smiling face.
I love you Gordo. Gone but never never forgotten baby boy. You will always be in my heart...
You bring joy to my life with just a thought of your memory
Happy birthday Jonathan Gordo Jones!!!     LOVE IS WHAT YOU HAVE.   thats the one of many gifts the lord blessed you with.   Love .        You would help anyone who needed anything, and if you were blessed with all the money in the world then the world you would share the money with.  Today would have been your 22nd birthday but like so many of our family members and friends you were gone to soon.  Thank you nikki for this website.           GORDO
I love you goi goi. Not a day goes by that youre not DEARLY missed..your memories, your smiles,your hugs &amp; ur sweet loving  nature is forever imprinted on my heart &lt;3 always soo caring..everyone loves n misses you so much..i know you are happier then ever papi..you still continue to inspire everyone..i see you through beauty n those little n big things you.show me &lt;3 I love you gordito.imu
My beautiful nephew! I'm thinking of you today with tears of sorrow along with tears of joy because I know that you are HOME. You are missed by so many! I will do something fun in your memory today and will help someone in your honor! What a beautiful big heart you had! May you rest in paradise!  I love you Gordo!
I miss you so much! Not a day goes by that you don't cross my mind! You mean south to me, as I grow in life it brakes my heart that you can't be here! Zaria knows your name &amp; says is alot!! I miss you so nuch❤
Lovely....my heart is with you....remembering all we miss on the other side!!  Blessed Tears!!!  Love to you all...
no words. Only Thoughts and Prayers.
God is good,gordo is good! If only we all had gordos heart. It so hard to say goodbye to yesterday. Till we meet again..
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal.
Love You and Miss You Big Bro you was always there fo a nigga I’m staying strong but this hurt me the most
Bleed with me, and you will forever be my brother. Words cant express the pain ive felt over the past two years. &amp; it hurts knowing youre gone, forever.
I know you can't be close to my nigga, I know But I know you watchin over me nigga, I know But the shit's steady hurtin, burn deep But it's alright dog, everything gon' be alright dog I love u brother wit everything that I am
Never did I think I'd have to burry my brother. My older one at that. I still remember looking at you lying in that coffin. Breaks my heart everytime I think of it. Hard times get better, I just hope it's soon. I love you. Rest easy.
What's up big bro? Hope all is well up there, still waiting for the day I can come join you. It's rough down here. I miss you helllla. Until next time, Desmond.
I sit here an think that this a nightmare an you will run into my room to wake me up my life has no been the same without you I wish you were still here so I could talk to you everyone says everything happens for a reason but no one will give me a reason for this why is what I always ask but no one ever has a reason well love an miss you big bro
Hey cousin missing you have so much to tell you dnt know where to start. I love you and it gets worser everyday your not with me. Shit is real different and I see why I kept those squares out my circle. That's y I play for keeps and sleep with one eye open. When you get this message holla at me
Hey Kenken sorry I haven't been here in a min but u no u hear me evry night talking to u I wish u was here with us but u no god had something eles in stored for u  imiss you somuch I will nevr let u go or forget bout u left me with half my heart u are my heart my world my shining star I wish u was here to see some of the shit I see but I no u got me if no one do u always Did &amp; still do ily
God must have needed you for something important cus you left early bra, We gone keep it lit on earth while youre shining up in heaven. Rest Peacefully Dolo !!!!
What's up big bruh? How's heaven? I know I wish you were here with all your family &amp; friends. I miss and love you so much. Have a good night. I love you. Keep this family going and tell God I said hello. Save my mansion. Rest easy.  Your little brother,  Desmond Jones
In 3 hours it will be your 21 birthday in it hurts my hurt somuch that your not here to enjoy it with us things have changed even your friends I wish I could turns back times in if I had one wish ill wish u back with us we miss u somuch my heart hurt do badd but ill be live it up for your birthday cus I no your live it up life after death ily my fav cousin my brothr wen love always your ne
Rest in peace big bra Kenneth Jones your well respected young man in these streets none of that is worth to life happy 21st birthday  TheGas miss u watch over us we gone Forever keep you litt  I GOTCHU big bru Pyn _Dame *********************
When it comes down to niggas, ima hit DOLO &amp; He gone slide thru wit that fuckin 4⃣0⃣!
It's that time of the year, Holliday joy but this time it's tears. I haven't been able to accept the fact that you're actually gone and I don't know how soon it'll take. I love you so damn much, life has thrown so much stuff at us all but this has been by far the worse. Tell my friend Kristen I said hello. I'll keep your little bad sone in line. I love you big brother.
Hey fav I miss you somuch I'm thinking about its so hard not seeing you but I pray on talk to u I no u hear mi ily ken keep watching over us
I was thinking about you so here I am coming to let you know that I miss seeing your face and having to force you to come eat when the food was done cause you was so shy around shar lol continue to rest peacefully
I luv u so much son my hart is so heavy but I hav ta stay strng fa da fam u kno ya mama Rest peacefully son tell Granny &amp; Big Mama. I luv em &amp; miss em as well Missn u sooooo much Mama luv u baby....
Still counting down the days until I get to see you again....
Rest Peacefully Kenneth. I Was Thinking About You I Love &amp;Miss Your Goofy self...
Sitting here thinking about all the things weve been thru and I wonder what I could have done to change things. IM THE OLDEST and I feel like Ive let everyone down.Im sorry for not protecting you. But I will protect your son and the rest of our family I love you and cnt wait to visit you whn I get home. There is so much we have to talk about. There are so many questions I have for you. ILY
Kenken i missyou somuch i just be be thinking bout somany memorys this just unbelievable i keep asking mi self why kenken but ino your up there living your life after death . Making eveyone we Miss somuch laughn puting smiles on your face i love you keep watchn over us . Evryine your friend brothrs sstr's son moma n daddy
Kenken u no evry time we go visit derial u be like neq boo lets go find big moma we b walkn right pass her n it take us a min to go so dis time we went in im like i will be back derial mi n kenneth going to say hello to r bigmoma im walking im like come on kenneth den i said did you find her i got no answer i stop there she i said ilove bigmona u said kenken i got no answer istartd cryin
Shine on big bra! Its crazy how i jus knew we was gone b old talkin bou all da shit we did back n da days!!!! I jus knew u was gone b 1 of da last man standin! I miss u big bra n i got u like always. Watch ova yo family &amp; watch ova yo team ... In Loving Memory of Kenneth "Dolo" Jones
To my son mama luv and miss u so much its nt a day dat goes by dat I dnt think of u ur smile r c a pic of u &amp; by u bn gon is a hard pill 2 swallow but I know dat u r n a better place ur memory will fovever live n r hearts &amp; u will neva b forgotten jus kno dat we all luv u &amp; I will remain strong for da entire fam most of all ur sisters brothers &amp; most def ur son I luv u son    R.I.P. Son...
12 long yrs of us being a unit as a family i watch u grow from a young dancing machine to a young man with a big heart wen im outside i always luk into the sky and c yo face in the brightest star that u r u will always b that star in ma eyes love you so much keep sending them angels down to guide&amp;protect the fam im gon keep u lit thru the thickest smoke clouds LOVE YOU MA DUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is so nice never saw anything like this, brother I love you even tho my heart is still broken things like this will forever keep your name alive see you soon baby
Brother I jus wanna start off by sayin I love u and I miss u so so much there's nothin in this world I wouldn't do to bring u back... My life has changed every since u been gone. You live thru me and no matter wat I'm gone make sure your light shine every day that I'm still here on earth. Kenneth I wish u were here to see how much yo son look jus like me. Lol but I know u watching over us.
There arent enough words to express my lovveee! Without you is an unrealistic blur but in my mind,body, and soul you will always be the beat in my heart.I love you and guide me thru this hell. Rest In Paradise
R.I.P LIL CUZ LOVE U @MISS  U
Rest in peace Kenneth "DOLO" Jones you are truly missed by everyone you know and love and we as a whole as your sisters brothers cousins and friends will make sure that you are never forgotten we'll make sure your memory lives on we love you Kenneth continue to rest with no worries we got you Kesh
I love in miss you cousin there's not a day that goes bye that I don't think of you I miss seeing yo face you telling me to go some where get off the streets go inside the gate man all I keep asking myself is why you. But I know your in a better place watchen over us all shining down on us I love you in as long as in living your living thru me my angel from above watch over your family
I love you so much big bro , sad to say you're actually gone , don't wanna realize that it has come down to your time. I love you so much. Watch over the family from up there. We miss you.
ove you cousin , keep watching over us your son , the family &amp; your friends imyu
ove you cousin i will never forget you  ,,, watch over me i swear i dont no what to do i will give every thing to have you here with us , yur family son &amp; friend ily
Happy 76th birthday mum. Hope you have a lovely day. I love and miss you every day. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
9yrs years now mum. I love and miss you all the world and back. Wish we could go out for one of our lovely meals and drink. Will raise a glass to you later
Well mum 8 yrs today. Seems like yesterday. Me and Ste got married on the 20/08/16. You would of loved it mum. I know you were by my side as you are every other day. Love and miss you so much. xxxxxx
Well mum 8 yrs today. Seems like yesterday. Me and Ste got married on the 20/08/16. You would of loved it mum. I know you were by my side as you are every other day. Love and miss you so much. xxxxxx
Happy 74th birthday mum. Hope you have a lovely day. Hopefully as you know I'm preparing for my wedding at the minute. I can't believe you are not going to be there but hopefully you will be by my side on the day. I love you all the world and back+miss you every day.
Another year gone by mum, 7 to be precise. I'm not feeling very good at the moment. Just wish you were here to help me through this little blip. I know exactly what you would say
Happy 73rd birthday mum. It ain't getting any easier. Missing you more and more each day. Love you all the world and back. xxxxxx
Six years today mum. I miss you so much. Been to Llandudno this wkend. You would love it there, all the shops you could mooch around in:). Love+miss you loads mum. xxxxxx
Happy 72nd birthday mum. Miss you all the world+back. Xxxxxx
Another year has passed mum and it doesn't get any easier. Miss you all the world and back.xxxxxx.
Can,t believe its four years already mum since you,ve been gone. We miss you today as we do every day. Wish you were here with us, as the songsays "Gone too Soon". Only thing that keeps us going is that one day we will all be together. Love you more than anything in the world mum. Look over us mum andstay by the light.xxxxxx
been 4 years now nanny, i miss you more and more every day, it gets harder and harder as the days pass, and i need you now more than ever, you were always the one i could go to if i was upset or angry or lonely, and you would help me. i cant wait to see you again nan, i always wish you were here with me now to give me a big hug like you used to, i love you so much nan! xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Christopher I miss you so much. What I would give to have you here. Just to see your smile again or to hear your laugh. It's just not the same without you.  I know your in a better place but I'm selfish and I want you with my sister so she can smile. Watch over us. I love you Chris
Well son I didn't know this was here, but leave it toot toot. Words can't explain how I miss you. The pain never ends. What I wouldn't do for one last conversation. Just hear your voice again. I wish I could change places with you. Damn!! I love youChristopher.
mn big bruh its straight about to 3 years dwag theres not a day tht iont think about u still til this day i ask myself y god had to take you away bt shit i still havent got my answer sometimes i wish i can trade spots it u but I LOVE YOU so much  3 :(
me i miss u big bradda imma ready to break dwn and cry u dnt know how bad i miss u............... tomorrow wolud str8 be a year since u was called home man bradda i wish u was still here i'll give anythinq to have u back with me tearsss "WHY DID IT HAVE TOO BE YOU" but your in god hands wacth over me and the fam love and miss u heallas       Blood In: 11-03-91 Blood Out: 9-21-11
Rabon, my forever love, It’s hard to believe how so many years have passed but my memories of you are fresh in my mind. I wish there was a phone in heaven so I could call you and tell you some funny stories about your grandson Amir. He says the funniest things.  I’m sure you would have some good stories to tell too. You were always good at that. Your sons and Kima remind me of you with their bright smiles and beautiful personalities. They each have different traits of yours so your spirit lives on thru them. I just spent the weekend with my sister Helen and her husband was saying the guys at the water company where he works still talk about you. He said he remembers when Helen and him were walking in Pennsauken and some guy hollered, “Hey Helen, what are you doing around here and how you doing?” Of course it was you. My family thinks the world of you and that will never change. You always had a kind nature and a great personality that no one could forget. We all miss you so much. You may be gone from my sight but you are never gone from my heart.❤️
Uncle Ray, I can't believe so much time has passed. I miss you so much. You touched so many lives and are missed dearly. Just like everyone says, there are so many things that remind me of you. Like my boss...funny enough he has the same sense of humor as you...ironic isn't it? What reminds me of you the most though is when I talk to or see my cousins....your sons. They each have some part of your personality...I think Miles does the most though. Just my opinion....lol. But they ALL remind me of you. Wish you were here to see our ever growing family. Not just your children and grands, but your nieces, nephews, great nieces and nephew etc...Anyway, I just wanted to let you know I was thinking about you today and everyday. Miss you. Say hey to G'mom Beats, Grammy and the rest of the family. Love you always, Trae
My Dearest Ray: Something that still remains true to this day that you once told me too never forget during your last months here on earth..... Even though one day your physical presence would have ascended to Heaven, a sign would forever and always let me know that you are still watching over me. "I knew that was you"--THANK YOU. Forever in my heart, ~Belinda~
Dad, I always called you Daddy, but these chicks call everybody Daddy...smh and lol! I can’t bekieve it’s been 14 years!  Not a day goes by that I don’t think about you.  I used to hear people say that and thought yeah right, but it’s true...something always reminds me of you whether I’m flipping through a channel or talking to my brothers.  I miss you so much and I hope you’re doing well and still telling jokes!  I just wanted you to know that I’m thinking of you on this day :) Love always, Kima Jones
Happy Father’s Day, Daddy!  It’s great to have a special day to celebrate great fathers, but I celebrate you everyday. You were the best father that anyone could ask for.  I am just sad that I didn’t have you around for longer, to see you be a great grandfather too.  I love you and always miss you! -Kima Jones
Happy Birthday Rabon. I’m so thankful for the love we shared and blessed to have two wonderful children. You would be very proud of them and your grandchildren. You will always have special place in my heart. ❤️ Rest in paradise.
Happy Birthday Daddy! I miss you everyday, but so many things remind of you...my brothers, the painting on my wall, things I see on tv or songs you used to sing.  You’ve touched so many people.  I love you!!! - Kima Jones
I miss you and think and talk about you all the time. I will always rememberi your laugh and how sweet you were as my little baby brother. I will always love you. You are my heart. See you in my dreams. Love you always your sister. Terri
Dad,  I miss not being able to talk to you everyday.  We both loved movies, and every time I see one that I know you would like, I think about you.  I miss your jokes; only you could tell them and paint the most vivid pictures.  My brothers:  Rabon, Raki, Miles and Osiris, all have something they got from you, Your laugh, your walk, your facial gestures, and just that cool vibe.  I see or hear it daily so I’m always reminded of you.  I told you I would look after my brothers, and they’re all doing very well. I love you and miss you so much! Your only girl :) Kima Jones
THE CORNER  There’s a corner of my heart that is yours. And I don’t mean for now, or until I’ve found somebody else, I mean forever. I mean to say that whether I fall in love a thousand times over or once or never again, there’ll always be a small quiet place in my heart that belongs only to you. Forever &amp; Always, Belinda
Of course everything I see and hear today revolves around Fathers today, and the first person I think of is you.  You were not only a great father to me, but you were a father figure to many you came in contact with, from nephews to students at your Aikido school.  I miss you each and every day.  I wish more Fathers were like you, but I'm proud to say that I had one of the very best!  I love you, Daddy!  Love your little girl...Kima
Happy Birthday Rabon. I think of you all the time and our family has so many good memories. Your sense of humor is always talked About and the book I made with all your cartoons that Mom kept are part of your legacy that all your kids  Have a copy of. They always make us laugh and remember   You are always in my heart and I think of you everyday i miss you so much. I know your watching over us all and I feelyour presence among us. See you in my dreams. I love you   Always your sister Terri
Your birthday brings back memories, of laughter and of tears, of all the celebrations held, throughout those precious years. As you’re now watching over me, I hope that you can see, how much those memories we made, will always mean to me. I’ll always cherish times we had and smile just at the thought, I hope you know the magnitude of joy your life here brought. On holidays and birthdays, it’s so hard to be apart, Like every day that falls between, your memory fills my heart. You’re with me now where ever I go, you’re part of all I do, I’ll celebrate your special day and the gift of knowing you. Forever in my heart--"Happy Birthday Love.
Happy 63rd Birthday Rabon! I'm so blessed to have had you in my life and shared a love that will last a lifetime. Every time I hear the song "Who's That Lady" by the Isley Brothers it takes me back to us in the black Nova driving to Clementon Lake Park and family drives to Chesilhurst. That was some fun times that I'll never forget. You had a smile that would light up a room and warm the hearts of all those around you. Kima and Rabon have your smile and your mannerisms which is a continuous reminder. You would be so proud of them and their children, Amir, Zerah and Rabon Jordan. I always tell Amir that his Granddad Rabon is looking down at him and he just smiles. If I had a wish I would love for you to see and talk to Kima and Rabon to let them know you're happy and ok. We all miss you and until we meet again may you rest in paradise and say hello to all our loved ones there with you. Love always, Marie
Happy Birthday Daddy!!! I wish I could celebrate with you, we would have so much fun! And I'm sure you would be a handsome salt and pepper man; a real cool grandpa.  Amir asks about you a lot, and I tell him funny stories and he smiles and says " I know you miss your dad".  You were the best father a girl could have.  I'm always reminded of you when I talk to my brothers, they all have something of yours.  Miles has your walk, Rabon has your sense of humor, Raki laughs like you sometimes (Rabon too), and Osiris asks me about you and is very creative like you (I think all of your kids have your drawing skills).  I hope you're good, and that your soul rests in peace. I'll always love and miss you, until we meet again. Your little girl,  Kima Jones
Dearest Ray: There's not a day that goes by that something crosses my path and it reminds me of you..... When Destiny and I are riding in the car, a song will come on the radio and we'll talk about how you loved too sing in the car. (Destiny still sings like a Mocking Bird also, but you already know that.) We'd get to reminiscing about how only you could impersonate Elvis. Then ironically while we're riding in the car, an Elvis song would come on the radio. Then in unison we'd say aloud laughing, "We hear you Sinsai Rabon"!  Yup! Unforgettable that's what you are and what you'll always be..... Forever in my heart. Love you, Belinda
It's so hard to believe that it's been 12 years.  It certainly doesn't feel like it for me.  It's funny how time flies so fast for some things, and stands still for others.  Amir is almost 10 years old, and growing into a nice young man.  I guess I can give you some credit for instilling in us the importance of discipline.  I look at old pictures from time to time, for some people it makes them sad, but it makes me happy to think about the days when you were here.  I think about the jokes you used to tell, and I can still hear your laugh.  I pray that you are at peace and happy where you are.  I miss you and I hope it's true that I will see you again one day.  I just want you to know that you are thought about and will never be forgotten.  I love you, Daddy! Love ALWAYS, Kima
I miss you and that beautiful smile. The sound of your laughter and all the things I loved about you. I know I'll see you again on the other side. Give my love to Mom and Gram and all the others who passed over. Love you always and forever. Your sister Terr I
Happy Father's Day Daddy! I wish I could give you a card and a gift, and spend the day with you.  All I can do is let you know that I'm thinking about you and all of the great memories I have from when you were here.  I always let you know then, and I'll let you know today, that you were the best father a girl could ever have.  I miss you and I'll always love you! Until we meet again, Kima Jones
You were in my thoughts and on my heart yesterday as I remembered your last birthday here on earth.  I miss you so much and wish I could hear that laugh, see that beautiful smile and just see your face.  You were my baby and I will always love you, miss you and think of you.  This would have been your 62nd birthday, unbelievable that you left us 12 years ago.  I love you.  Always, your Sister Terri
Happy Birthday Daddy! I miss you everyday, and I'm constantly reminded of you I talking to my brother Rabon who laughs like you and jokes around just like you.  I see movies come on the television that we saw together (movie buffs) and the painting you did for me is still hanging.  I just want you to know that you will never be forgotten!  I love you, Daddy! Rest in Peace.
“A Letter from Your Guardian Angel in Heaven on my Birthday Today” It was just yesterday-you entered my mind. I wondered how you were, I remembered our times; And, the promise I made to you before we parted: Even though I am gone, I’ll be at your side, Through laughter and joy, through tears you will cry. I’m your guardian angel, sent from above, I’ll be there to protect you, shower you with love. I promised you, that you would love again,  Remember that transcending love, that once in a lifetime  Love--The love we had. When I see you in Heaven, I’ll call out your name, When you’re finally in Heaven, the angels will proclaim. Even though in Heaven, there are no tears, A sob from my lips is what you will hear. I left you there, but I also have to wait, To see your face at Heaven’s gate. Tears in Heaven, is what you will see, When you fulfill your purpose, as I did, And time calls you home, thereafter to join me. Forever and Always, Love, “Your Guardian Angel--Ray”
My sweet brother Rabon, your in my heart and I miss you and you smile and laughter.  I am always missing about you and remembering you and all the things you said to make us all laugh.  I know there is a reason you were taken away so soon but I always wish we had been given more time with you.  You were one of Gods angels he wanted home. I feel your spirit is here with us and we will never forget you.  I love you. Your sister Terri
Hey Daddy! 11 years have gone by so quickly, but there's not a day that goes by that I don't think about you.  Star Wars is coming out, the new James Bond movie came out...these are the times we would've hung out and talked about how they were compared to the others.  I just miss talking to you and being around you, able to talk to you about anything.  I know you're better off where you are than being sick here, but I want you to know how much you're missed.  I love you!!! Come see me sometimes.  Love, Kima Jones
Wow! Where to begin. 11 years has come so quickly. I think of you often and miss you so  much. There are many times I think of how differently your nephew Keith may have turned out had you still been here to "stay on him" so to speak. I am proud of him because he has however, stepped up to the plate is and taking care of business. I know that you are much better off and much happier where you are. And I know you are always watching. It would be nice if you came and talked to me again sometimes. I miss that. I miss being able to talk to you when I need advice on certain things. Know that you are always in my thoughts and in my heart. I love you Uncle Ray. Trae
R.I.P. My handsome cousin! Until we meet again!  Love Ya, Cousin Zora
If God would grant me just one wish, I'd wish too see your beautiful smile just one more time. The "Ray" of my sunshine you'll forever be. Unforgettable, my once Earthly Angel you'll forever remain. Miss you--Belinda.
Happy Father's Day, Dad! Always thinking of you, but today if for fathers and you're no longer here.  You were the best father a girl could have, so proud to say you were mine! Love, Kima Jones
Happy Birthday Daddy!  You would be 61 today...times flies!  I miss you everyday and think about you quite often.  I just hope that you are in a better place and hope to to see you one day! Love, Kima
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RAY". Forever in my heart always. "I still miss you.
Uncle Rabon - I can not believe so many years have passed. I think about you and miss you so much. So many great childhood memories. Teh best Uncle EVER! You were tough, but you also showed soooo much LOVE. Everyone has really grown up, its amazing ot me to see how each of your kids have your characteristics and/or mannerisms. You def live on through them. I love being around my cousins because I get to be reminded of you. It may be a laugh, a chuckle, they words that they say or the tone in which it is delivered. I know you are up there with Grandmom Beats and Billie looking down on all of us. Whever we gather I know you all are there with us.  I always admired the relationship you and Kima had. You were not only a terric Uncle but the best Dad too!! Love you forever!!
Gone , but not forgotten my dear friend!!!
Sensei you are missed by many but definitely not forgotten.  Thank you for all the gifts you have given to your family, friends and students.
10 years you've been gone.  I  think of you everyday ,, I miss the sound of your laughter, your beautiful smile and just seeing you,  you have a boatload of grand kids and I know you would have had a great time just loving them up.  Your kids have grown up and you would be so proud.  They all have something that reminds me of you,  your humor, your goofiness, your good looks and expressions.  You definitely left your mark.  You will always be missed and loved by me.  With all my heart, I love you.  Your sister, Terri
Hey Daddy! This day is usually a hard one but I'm getting better with it.  I can't believe how time flies, it's been 10 years and I can remember this day like it was yesterday. I miss talking to you, hugging and kissing on you and just chillin with you. My life has definitely changed without you in it. I just hope that you are in a better place and I hope to see you when my time comes.  I love you and miss you and always will.  Thank you for everything, you were the best father a girl could ask for.  Love Always, Kima Jones
Hey Rabon!  Today is a day to remember all the beautiful memories we shared. I often tell our grandson Amir how wonderful you were and that you're looking down on him. You would be so proud of Kima and Rabon and would have lots of fun with your grandchildren. Say hello to all our loved ones up there with you. I know you must have everyone laughing and having a good time. We all miss you terribly and you will be in our hearts forever . Thanks for all the great memories and may you rest in peace!
Happy Father's Day, Daddy! You were the best father and I Thank God for letting me have you as my Dad for as long as you were here.  I never thought that you, of all people, would go so early. I miss you every day. I hope wherever you are, you are happy because you always deserved it. I love you!!!
You are sadly missed and favorably remembered. I miss that radiant smile, the jokes and the self generated cartoon photos. RIP my handsome cousin.  Zora
I knew you were an "Angel" when you came into my life.  I'll forever be grateful that GOD allowed me to be one of many, too be graced by your friendship and unforgettable love. You're still and will always be missed, my dearest friend, the uncomparable love of my heart".  "Happy Birthday, my other Angel above"--Belinda.
Hey Unk, I didn't get a chance to say my Happy Birthday's to you yesterday, so...HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I can't believe so much time has passed already. It seems like only yesterday. I still hear your voice in my head sometimes giving me advice. It's comforting to know that you, G'mom Billie and G'mom Beats are always there in spirit. Every once in a while I'll hear someone talking to me. :-). I miss you guys sooooo much. I was looking at the collage momi made of you and her and your brothers. It made me tear up, but it brought back nice memories. We will always have that. I know that you are watching over us, Thank you. Until we see each other again...I love you. Trae
Missing you every day.  My sweetest brother and your presence is always felt.  I miss your beautiful smile and know that you would be so proud of your children and so happy with all your grandkids that you never got to meet. I am sure you are looking down on them and smiling that smile that we all love and miss. Always, your sister, Terri
I think about you always, but today is your birthday so you're heavy on my mind.  I just want you to know that I love and miss you very much, but I have nothing but good memories of you.  I was just thinking how we would just chill and watch movies together and how I used to hug and kiss you all of the time.  I really miss having you around, but I hope to see again. My brothers miss you too and Amir always asks me about you so I'm happy to share my stories with him.  I love you, Daddy! Love, Kima Jones
Happy Birthday Rabon. You were my first love and left me the most precious gifts, Takima and Rabon Jr. You will always have a special place in my heart. Rest in peace!
Happy Birthday Father! You will always be in my thoughts. Love, Osiris
Hello Father, This is Osiris, I'm 18 years old now. I'm all grown up. I miss u too!! Wish u were here to see me now...I draw and write books!! I'm in high school and I someday would like to be an actor. I'll write again soon!!
My childhood friend with the million dollar smile and a personality that matched. Forever missed by family and friends
Sensei Rabon was a huge influence on many people, for those who were his students and those who were not.  He was a mentor, friend, father and instructor.  He is greatly missed.
I, along with other students, have been holding a memorial Aikido seminar every year since Sensei's passing.  Honoring a great man.
MISSING YOU SO MUCH AND WISHING YOU WERE STILL HERE.  I LOVE YOU!! YOUR SISTER TERRI
Happy Birthday to the "Angel" up above; I know for certain,  You are still watching over the ones' you loved. My Earthly Angel, forever in my heart. . . . . Belinda
Wish you were here for your birthday my darling.Time passes,but the heartache remains.love you always.xxx
It's that time of year again my love.I take you flowers,cos that's all I can do for you. Not much is it?I miss you so much.Love you as much now as I did when you were here,thats never going to change.Love you sweetheart,miss you always.Yours always,Sheleagh.xxx
Hard to believe it's a year.It's been hard without you.I love you,I always will.If my tear could bring you back,you would be here with me  now.Yours always,your very sad wife,Sheleagh.xxx
It's your birthday today,my darling.Took some flower  to the crem,it;s all I can get you.We should be happy today,instead It's been 5 months and 1 day since I lost you and I miss you more and more.Happy Birthday,wherever you are.I love you.Yours always,Sheleagh.xxxxxx
It's coming up to your birthday.I ought to be buying your  gift instead all I can do is buy you flowers.It's not getting any easier,I miss you more and more every passing day.I wish I had realised how ill you  were, but I will have to live with that the rest of my life.Loved you then,love you now.Yours always, Sheleagh.xx
To my darling Allan,I miss you more every passing day.My love for you is as strong now as it ever was.You are in my heart and my thoughts every waking moment.I wish you were still here with me,but I know we will be together one day.I love you  sweetheart.Yours always,Sheleagh.xxx
It's been to long not hearing your voice.i love and miss you so much RIP big sis.
Craig left behind,Dad,Mum,his 2 sisters Kirsty and Cassie,his beautiful niece Libby,his partner and her children,we miss Craig every second,our light was turned off the day Craig left us,hearts are broken and will only mend when we meet again,we loved you all your life Craig and will love you till the end of ours,keep smiling babe,until we meet again,LOVE YOU Son xxx mum
Happy Birthday Tosh..Today You Would of Been 78 Doesn't seem Possible..you have also been gone 19 years in may ! Not a Day Do I Forget You ..Hope your up There Singing With Mick , Mum Dad Babs Carol &amp; Gill And all Loved Ones ...Happy Happy Birthday Will Love You Forever My Bro ..Lau Lau xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
18 Years gone Tom ..But Memories Of You Stay Deep in my Heart!,...........Give Everyone A kiss Carol Has Enjoyed You Now Look After Her ..Love You Tom Xxx .......
Happy Birthday Tom ..Love&amp; Miss You X
Hello Tom ..Just A Little Note To Say I Love You xxxxx
Hello Tosh just came to visit for a few minutes.......God bless Love you Xx.....Xx....Lau Lau..Xx
Tommy my brother......will love and miss you always sing on and be with me the rest of my days Tosh.....love your sis Lau Lau Xx.
Hello mum only me,its raining ive cleaned up and came to visit for a few minutes...Xx
I chose this song mum cos you had blue eyes and you liked the song...your love lives on forever....Thank you....my mum....Your Laura..Xx
Hello Dad ...33 years today and i still remember sadly the day you left ...my heart broke of a lovely dad who meant so much ! you were simply the best ...without your love &amp; guidance ...where would i be ...you taught me many things to care to sing and face whatever life throws i try to be strong! But now you have mum tommy mick and babs with you ...be happy and sing ..Love you my dad ...Lxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Be Up Later Dad To See You Xx
Hello Dad ....Just a thought ! Of Wishing you had not been taken so soon ....it seems forever ...But one day we will all be together in the same old way! Lets Hope!! ....You Called it the summerlands..Hope your Loving it! with mum the boys &amp; Barb X....Love you all X
Happy Birthday Dad ....I Miss you forever in my heart!! xxx
Today i lay this flower dad on your 31st Anniversary Xxxx.....God Bless Love You Laura Xxx
Hello Dad just came to visit for a few minutes....Love you Xx...Xx
For my Dad.........The first man i fell in love with and that love never dies...........He was and always will be my Love....He left me with memories more precious than any riches in this world...so thank you dad for what you gave me and taught me....Your Laura..Xx
Happy Birthday Uncle Michael, I know you are with Nan,Grandad,Uncle Tommy and Auntie Barbara and all our loved ones. I wish I could be with you all to celebrate your Birthday today, as it would be the best party ever to see you all just one one more time! Wish I could sing and dance with you all! I would love to give you all a kiss and cuddle❤️ I often talk about you Mick,Rosie and Sonny remember coming over to see you, I took them to hayling last week and we were talking about when we used to come over to see you. I drove past your house. I will be thinking of you today on your special day and always
Xxx
Sing Mick !! I know your Happy With Mum Dad Tommy &amp; Babs .....Words Cannot ever express how much i miss you all ...Six Long Years Without You ..Happy Birthday Mick ..See You In The Future X .......Big Kisses To all of you xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Blue Lillies For You Mick!!! ...........To See You In The Same Old Way Would Be My Dearest Wish Today !!! .....Keep Near ....Miss Your Calls And Visits !! You Were Not Only The Best Brother You Were My Friend...............Love You With All My Heart!!! Night XxX
membering a lovely man ....miss you mate ....Mark X
Happy Birthday to a dearly loved Uncle always in our thoughts and hearts. I have so many cherished memories they will stay with me until the day we are all reunited. Give Nan,Gramps,Uncle Tommy,Auntie Barbara and all our other loved ones a big kiss from me and I miss you all immensely, I know your be having a sing and dance today just wish I could be a part of it but will be with you all in mind❤️ Godbless you all until we meet again love you Lisa xxxx Rosie and Sonny will always remember your beautiful smile and your warm cuddles and kisses xxxxx Happy Birthday to a true gentlemen godbless Mick love Mat xxx
Happy Birthday Mick.....we have been too your resting place &amp; I know with all my heart you were and always will be my guiding light ....I love you and miss you so much ....especially our chats on the phone most evenings, thank you for being my bro my friend ...Give mum dad tosh &amp; babs a kiss from me and sing dance all of you be happy ...Laura X.....Mick you were one of the best bye for now mate Mark X
70 TODAY X
oday i send you all my love on this your 2nd anniversary and 68th birthday, i still love and miss you so my darling be happy with mum dad and tosh sweet dreams beautiful and remember mick your more than a number in my little red book love you all Xx
Hello Mick....just came to visit for a few minutes....its raining!!!! God bless...Love you...Your sis Laura Xx...Xx.
Created for one of the Lovliest unselfish men....my brother mick...gone too soon........Xx..........Your sis Laura i will love you forever.....XxX.
I miss granny only 2 when yhu went away i love yhu
MIss u
miss you granny carrie i miss all of u up there
miss u granny carrie soo much if you will just come back alive i didnt get to see u when i was bron mario david  imiss u tooo you left too early too right on londa b-day i miss you soo much all of u
Papa may your soul rest in peace till we meet a gain
To God be the Glory..you are remembered c
We still remember you..may the good lord keep you in his bossom
You passed into glory 3 years ago.May the good LORD keep u in his bossom.it seems after u've gone i recolect most of my childhood moments when u bathe and clothed us for school and church,the drills,etiquette,good english and relaxing on ur belly.and ur hynms u sang espercially'rejoice the lord is king'we all have missed u dearly.but as the good book say 'we shall meet again.fare thee well
Missing your beautiful smile and kind words.  I love you
Happy Birthday, my second Mom! I miss you very much. Love Always!
You will always be in my heart! Love You Momma Sarah
I miss you Aunt Sara. Will never ever forget about you!
Wow, I can't believe it's been 3 years since you passed away. I still miss you very much.  To this day, I find myself almost asking my mother how you're doing when I call home. I'm go grateful for all of the love and support you showed me and the great example you exhibited. You will always be in my heart.  Love you always!
Today would have been your 79th Birthday.  I missed you and i am still having those conversations with Branden and William about Grandmom Sarah.  Thanks for just being you and for the things i learned from you.  I Love You!
You were a blessed and wonderful lady to have loved "Joe Jones, Our Dad" It was a pleasure to first meet you in the 1980's.I know you are missed by those who you gave life, but also by others in which you instilled life. Love and Precious Memories
Happy Birthday Aunt Sara, can't wait to see you again in heaven!
To Aunt Sarah from your nephew Bro, while sitting here thinking of the times momma spoke very highly of you upon her visits with you and family she always spoke of your kindness, lovingness and nack for cooking.  Now you're cookiing for God.  Love you Bro
Happy Birthday grandma. I Love You and miss u very much. RIP
Just sitting here thinking on how i miss talking to you over the phone and when i used to come to Peggy house and we would talk for a long period of time.  I miss you more when i go to see peggy and it's hard for me not to ask her on how you are doing?  Rest In Peace for you are very much missed here on earth.
I love you momma Sarah RIP
You will never be forgotten, thanks for all the encouraging words, you were truly an angel! Thanks for everything. You always had a kind word for me and you will always be in my heart! I lOVE YOU AUNT SARA. PS. Thanks for all of the meals!
big bradda dame i miss and love you hellas i wish you was still here with us on bloods i will never forget the times thats we shared and shined am i my brothers keeper yes i am yes i am love u chris blood
will always love u big bruh......wishing u was here each nd everyday
my love you will forever be missed and loved forever. I will cherish our time together and hold you in my heart and soul. You are and always will be my sisted, my friend! The girls love you and talk about you often. You was a wonderful mother and a loving wife! We will meet again someday my love till then goodbye my love!
Im so sorry we never got to hang out..I got to talk to you on the phone a few times but I was really looking forward to meeting you. I remember talking to Kevin once..he was so funny:) Even though I didn't know you very well, it hurts my heart to know that you're gone. I know you're looking down on those beautiful babies. You and Kevin will always be in my heart.
Bobbie u where a good friend i loved working with u. you never let it be boring u where always happy and care free and u will be truly missed... i never got to know your husband but i heard nothing but good things about him my heart goes out to your kids i hope you will always look over them and make sure they are safe.....me and taegan will miss you with all of our hearts
We found this on the internet and touched our hearts.  We are certain Bobbie and her husband are in heaven and that we pray God's peace is with the children and all who love her.   Psalm 34:18 "The Lord is close to the brokenhearted, and saves those who are crushed in spirit".  Lori &amp; Jim - Chicago
Bobbie I love you! I miss you so much. it hurts your not here anymore. I feel empty. You were a great friend, an amazing mo and a loving wife. you and kevin were perfect for each other you made each other so happy and i miss you guys so much. You were like my sister and i cant imagine you not being here. You will always be with me and the kids and in our hearts and memories
Bobbie you were one of my best friends! Its so hard to imagine your not here. I miss you soo much you were always there for me threw all my ups and downs in life and never failed at being my friend. You never quit and always pushed me to be my best! You were an amazing wife and mommy and and great friend! You were my sister and part of my family. You and kevin were perfect. I love you sis!
Words and flowers is not enough
mama another year has passed and it seems like only yesterday that you were here with me.and I miss you so much words cannot explaini love you mama forever
Auntie Geraldine, today marks the fifth anniversary of you going home to be with God. I love you and will always remember the good and kindness you  showed to a love starved little girl that grew up to be a love starved young lady who you showed kindness and love. I'll always love you Auntie Geraldine. R.I.P.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA,IT HAS BEEN 5 YEARS SINCE WE SHARED OUR BIRTHDAYS TOGETHER AND IT 'S NOT NOR WILL IT EVER BE THE SAME WITHOUT YOU,I LOVE AND MISS YOU SO MUCH,THERE ARE NO WORDS THAT CAN EVER EXPRESS WHAT I FEEL,I WILL LOOK FORWARD TO THE DAY WE ARE REUNITED,WE WILL  HAVE A JOYOUS TIME IN THE PRESENCE OF OUR HEAVENLY FATHER AND ALL OUR LOVED ONES.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY MOM.I MISS YOU MORE THAN WORDS COULD SAY.I KNOW THAT YOU ARE HAPPY WITH OUR FATHER IN HEAVEN AND I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN ONE DAY UNTIL THEN I WILL CELE BRATE THE WONDERFUL MEMORIES OF THE TIME GOD GAVE YOU WITH ME. I THANK GOD FOR GIVING ME A WONDERFUL MOTHER.
MISSING YOU MAMA SO MUCH.THE PAIN FROM LOSING YOU IS NEVER ENDING.I WISH YOU WERE HERE.I LOVE YOU MAMA[TEARS]
REST IN PEACE MAMA UNTIL THAT HAPPY DAY WHEN I WILL SEE YOU AGAIN. LOVE ALWAYS YOUR DAUGHTER ANGELA
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA!!!!THE FAMILY GOT TOGETHER TO CELEBRATE YOU AND YOUR WONDERFUL MEMORIES WILL NEVER BE FORGOTTEN.I PERSONALLY WAS NOT THE SAME. WE  ALWAYS CELEBRATED OUR BIRTHDAYS TOGETHER AND WITHOUT YOU THERE A PART OF ME WAS MISSING.YOUR BEAUTIFUL SMILE AND LOVING SWEET VOICE,YOUR WARM AND GENTLE EMBRACE WOULD HAVE MADE ME COMPLETE LIKE ALWAYS YOU WILL ALWAYS BE WITH  ME IN MY HEART.
ITS BEEN 3 YEARS SINCE YOU WENT HOME TO BE WITH THE FATHER IKNOW THAT YOU ARE AT PEACE. IMISSED YOU MORE THAN WORDS CAN SAY. BUT I KNOW THAT ON THAT WONDERFUL DAY WHEN ALL GOD'SCHILDREN BE REUNITED IN HIS PRESENCE FOREVER WE WILL BE TOGETHER AGAIN  HAPPY FOREVER AND EVER.
I Love You Grandma &amp; I Miss You So Much ! -Beiante Roberts
I MISS THE WAY MY MAMA WAS THERE WHEN THINGS WENT WRONG. SHE WAS SO UNDERSTANDING AND ALWAYS TOLD ME TO PRAY.SHE WOULD SAY TRUST IN THE LORD AND HE WILL DIRECT YOUR PATH. I WAS HER OLDEST BUT SHE WOULD [MY BABY] IMISS HER SO MUCH.IF I COULD JUST HEAR HER VOICE AGAIN IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME.I LOVE YOU MAMA
will always love you mama and im looking forward to the day that father GOD reunite us again.
I miss you! I light tnever got a chance to meetandle for my Kids....Joy, Jeremiah and Sophia. The grandmother they never got a chance to meet.
Mom, We miss you and will always keep you in our hearts! Forever &amp; ever!
Mom, even though it's been 2 years, it seems like only yesterday that you were here. I take comfort in the fact that I know you aren't suffering anymore and I'm confident that you are eternally resting in peace!
I'm missing you more as Mother's Day nears.  I love you, Mom.
Aunt Birdie, I love and miss you.  I was very blessed and fortunate to have had you as an Aunt. I look at the photo we took together very often.  Love Judy
Mom, I miss you! I wish my children could have had the chance to meet you. I want to thank you for helping me to become the man I am today. I remember you teaching me how to cook, clean and press clothes, "You won't always have someone, so you need to be able to take care of yourself"       Thank You! ......I LOVE YOU!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRANDMA!!!!!!
Mom,  I'll miss you forever.  I wish we had more time together. May you be at peace because of the good memories  you left behind.
Grandma, I am thankful for the last moments we shared before your passing and that we both were able to express our feelings to one another. To the end, though your body was not at its best,  you were of sound mind which was a blessing to those of us who were able to convey our love for you. ~ May your soul rest in eternal peace.
I an very sad right now. I wish I had of spent more time with my grandmother. Words cannot express how much she will be missed. I love you grandma and miss u very much.
I never met Birdie Lee Jones, but I have met several of her children and grandchildren..my heart goes out to all of you during the transition,the crossing over of your Queen,Thank You for blessing the world with a beautiful and talented ever growing family..as her love continues to shine from every one of her family, friends and life's she touched..R.I.P. Birdie Lee Jones
Grandma I going to miss you so much. I still cannot believe you are gone and I didn't even get to see you or talk to you before god took you away from us. But now you are in a better place and you will be truely missed -I Love you Ashley
There is not a day that goes by that I don't miss and think about you. You were the greatest person I have ever had the privilege of knowing. I miss our daily talks and all the advice you would give me. I so wish I could talk with you again, I miss you and love you with all my heart!! I will never forget you and every time I get in a situation like today I ask myself what would Shari do? You made such a profound impact on everyone you met. I just wish we could have had so many more years together. You were the sister I always wanted and I was blessed to have you in my life even if it was only for a little while!!
There's not a day that goes by that I wish you was here with us. It's been 3 years today that god took you from us. It's been so hard since you passed. I wish I could just tell you one more time I love you and how much you mean to me and how much I appreciate everything you have done for me and the kids. Until we meet again I love you and miss you terribly
Happy birthday Shari, you are so missed. I wish you was here so we could talk. Theres so many things i would love to tell you. You would be so proud,of Arianna. She would love you. I know you would have her as spoiled as we all do. Give nanny a hug for me. Theres not a day that goes by that i dont think of the both of you. Till we meet a again RIP sadly missed and loved...
Shari was the greatest person that you could ever meet.. she was a loving devoted wife, caring mother and exceptional human being.  its  truly a shame that you were taken from us at such an early age.  I know that I was truly blessed to have her I my life.  The girls and I miss you soooo very much!!!!!.. I wish you were with us to celebrate your birthday today.. R.I.P MY LOVE!
Happy Birthday sis how i wish u was here i miss our long talks and u raising hell for something i said or done there is not a day that goes by im not thinking of u A BIG HORRAY FOR SHARI 47 BIRTHDAY love u  R.I.P
Shari, you always made me feel so special. You were such a kind hearted person. You always put others before yourself and people noticed and looked up to you for it. I miss you dearly. I so wish we could just sit around a talk some more but know that one day I'll see you again. Your daughters are so much like you, you would be so proud. I know your always watching over them. Love you girl.
Sheri was one of a kind. A great neice and most of all a great person, fun to be around. She was always the high light of a party. Most of all  she would make you laugh even if you were down. Dearly miss you, I know we will be together one day. R.I.P. love you very much. with love your anut Marlene.
Shari was a great preson to every one she would make u laugh when u were down she was kind and loving she had two girls that was just like her how they miss her she was every thing to me if i had a wish it would be to see her face and tell her how much i love and miss her she was my world and much more but now she is with mom and i know they are together and waiting on me R.I.P love u sis
poppa i miss you more than works can describe. when you died a part of me died with you. im glad i got to be with you in your final hours. wish you were here with me right now. i love you and i wish you could be there working at the tire shop. then coming home at 5:00 everyday. i remember me my sister my brother and momma would always come over. i just wanted to let you know i miss you. this might be a bit lte. about 4 years late. im sorry i never got to say goodbye
I am so thankful to have had you as my Brother and my Friend. You had a talent for knowing when I needed you the most. I could always count on you for support and encouragement, and you always made me feel good about myself. My life will never be the same without you. I'll always be holding your hand. I love you and miss you so much. Love, Sis
Dear James,  I know your looking down watching over us all.Our daughter has turned out so good. I know your proud! We miss you. You really had a way of making us all laugh! Guess that's where Erica gets it. Your always thought about. Catch ya on the flip side hun!
“Dad, all I can say is that I love you very much. I miss you even more. Not a day goes by that I don’t think about you. I’ve grown up strong and I’m on the wrestling team! Wish you were here to go to my tournaments.. well. I’ll see you someday!
I love you always and I thank you for the two beautiful children we have. You are missed so very much everyday, as a husband,father and best friend. Thank you for the love
Forever missed!
Hey, Dad  i miss you and hope your pushing me in the way i need to be pushed i really need help dad the love of my life is walking away and i need this i know i do but it seems as if her time with me is ended and i wish you were here so i could get advise from my hero i miss you dad i love you and wanna be with you worry free an no ones problem
Nancy, Jennifer, &amp; Wendy, Please accept my sincere and deepest sympathy on the loss of your mother and grandmother.  Thinking of you.... Shirley
Always loved and dearly missed,  Aunt Jeanette
Opened my eyes this morn and realized immediately it was your birthday.  I say “was” because in eternity  there are no birthdays ... just infinite time with family, friends and the Lord.   Miss you...still so very much.   Love Aunt Nette
Happy Birthday my sweet first born.  49 years hard to believe.  May you enjoy all your sweet dreams.  I know you are Celebrating  with all our family members .  Don’t forget to dance with your father.
My dearest Miss I miss our daily conversations and our monthly get togetherness.  You are my sunshine and my bright light.  You keep me focus and with such strength. I Am volunteering at a senior center imagine that.  Every one is moving forward missing you so.  ❤️❤️❤️❤️You to the moon and back
Missy,the years are really going fast. You are loved and missed everyday. Love Aunt Julia  Houston, Tx.
Happy birthday to you.  We all miss and love you daily.  We have great news to share Dae Shady Lady graduated and expected Benjamin in 3 months.  She relocated to St Louis with her husband and his family.   Princeton is talking much.  Everyone is doing fine missing our Missy.  Love you to the moon.
Hey Meme, your  earthly birthday is approaching (July 12) however In eternity there probably aren't any.  Your birthday does give us a special day to reflect on our time we had together when you were with us.  Missing you does not get easier, but knowing you are at your best with Jesus gives my heart joy in the mist of missing you.  As you now know Aunt Pat left us to join our family there. I can imagine the joy you all had in seeing her.   LOVE YOU MUCH....UNTIL I SEE YOU AGAIN
WOW 46 already. Precious lady, loving you always. Miss you. Happy Birthday. Aunti Pat
Happy Mother's Day Me-Me. Off to Mexico City at the end of the week. Planning on having a blast in the Lord. One day very soon we shall all be together again, whole and happy for evermore.
Good morning my precious woman-child. Loving and missing ya. Think of you and the boy often. So far the Family is doing well. Your baby brother has moved back home with his wife and son and your mom s in 9th heaven with them being so close. Soon I am off to my 3rd Mission trip but this time a bit closer to home. New Mexico. I won't wish you well because I now that you are, kiss the boy for me. Crazy Aunti Pat
My darling miss.  I miss you each and every day.  Yes your youngest nephew has moved in with his granny.  He brings great joy to our lives The twins are growing up so and are just darling. Noahie is just an angel. He also is growing up so.  Mom and family are fine just missing you so. I
Yeah well I am 65 now and so I forget somethings like wishing you a Merry and al that Jazz. It doesn't mean that I don't think of you,  askia and Mother and all the others who have gone before me. I had a blast celebrating in San Diego Christmas day and even drank I glass of bubbly. Home now an it it freezing. I think snow maybe on the way. Love and kisses to ya.
Good morning meme - mom and family miss you everyday. Happy Holidays to you.  Your favorite time of year!  Noahie is growing leaps and bounds.  We all are down sizing our lives and trying to enjoy the simples.  Say hello to family members and keep the dancing party going with all the others angels.  I miss you each and every day.  I try to do something everyday to make you proud.  Many hugs and loads of love your way.
OK Miss, I blew it this time. I forgot your birthday. I thought it was on the 17th. Your Mom is probably mad at me. WOW 45 years. Remember when you asked me one time about my age and you told me that I am "OLD". Well Little Miss, so are you. Happy belated BD. Loving you in a "Big" way. Aunti Pat
Missy your sweet sprite, and memories continue to live in all of us.We will love you forever.  Aunt Julia , from Houston Tx
Happy birthday Miss.  Your 45th I truly miss you so much it's hurts  Noahie is growing and being Noahie.  Siilynn and Jr r 5 and getting ready 4 K.  Dae is doing fine she has one more year.  We r all missing you daily.
Happy Mother's Day my dear missy. I love and miss my missy much.  I made the first step in your housing plan and moved to Renton.  We love it here.  Noah is growing up and would make you very proud.  Dae is coming over to cook for granny imagine that.  You would be proud of her also.  She has come a long way and maturing into a lovely young Dae.  Breland and family are doing fine you would just love our Princeton.  Have a lovely day hugs and lots of love your way.
Good morning Me-Me. Iwanted to wish you a Happy and Blessed Mother's Day though your not here with your boy. May God continue to Bless yu until we all meet again. Kiss the boy for me and I will hug Noel for you the next time I see him. Went to San Francisco and had a blast. Stayed only a week but that was enough. Love, Crazy Aunti Pat
Good morning Me-Me. I am going around wishing all of you precious love ones a Blessed Easter this year. Missing you and mom and ski and T.J. Love Aunti Pat
Good Morning there, Sunshine. I am a day late cause I don't have a computer at home and I am off on Wednesdays. Going into the third year of missing you. Time is marching on really fast and I am getting older and I hope wiser. Have to put off my trip to San Franciso another month. Aunti Nette and Mark are leaving for Nigeria the first of April on a Mission trip. That should be loads of fun. I raise my hand in salute to you. Today is Uncle Terry's birthday. Hug the family members up there for me, love your crazy Aunti Pat
My dear miss, I miss you so my heart ache each and every day  I know you are free of pain but your mom is not.  I will continue to do and be the best for the rest.  It's almost 2 years since and I know you are with all the angels and with in my heart forever.  Love you forever and ever.
Good morning Missi. Guess What? The Sea Hawks won the championship. 48 to 8 and it was a bow out. The first 12 seconds of the game, they scored and it was all up hill from there. Even though i did not watch the game, I heard the neighbors upstairs yelling their heads like crazy. I can hear you now, remembering the games when you and your brothers yelling hollering and yelling your heads off. I can see you even now rooting for the home team. I decided to get Askia a "Hat" and put it with all the rest of his "Hat". I love you and think of you often. Aunti Pat
Happy holidays to my first born. I truly miss you each and everyday of life.  Noahie is getting very tall and funny.  We know you are watching over us with your dad, grandmothers, uncles, cousins, grandfathers and many more angels.  I am relieve no more pain but heart broken you left to soon.  I love you with all heart and soul.  HAPPY HOLIDAYS your favorite time of year.
Yo, MIssi, I wanted to wish a a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Also wanted to tell you that that boy of Your is growing taller every day. I think he might even now be taller than you. I saw him at Granny Shriley's memorial a few weeks ago. We just had one for Johnny's oldest son, T.J. who was 30. All my love to you and kiss my boy for me.
Missi,you are truly missed. Your spirit and memories shall never be forgotten. I pray for all of us each day. Love aunt Julia Houston ,Texas
Happy belated BD my precious neice. I wanted to do this on Friday but I forgot to and felt bad because I did not get around to it. I see your mom left you a greetiing. I was so happy to see your son: NOah at Breeland's baby shower. He is getting so tall and very handsome. You have another nephew on the way by the name of Princeton due in August. Missing you, Love Aunti Pat
Happy birthday my dear child.  I miss you each and every day.  I know your dad and all the angels are hovering over you.  You would be proud of my dream come true basketball foundation I establish in your name at STCA.  I have this continous tear in my left eye that weeps hourly.  44 years strong.  HAPPY BIRTHDAY MISS love you mom
Joyce, a Priceless woman that married my nephew DeShawn Alonzo Jackson will not ever be forgotten and will be Dearly and  Highly missed. I pray that her son will always enjoy the memory of Joyce with his Grand Parents Mr. &amp; Mrs. Branch. May God give all of you Peace.
My Dear Miss, I was off on Tuesday this year and even left your mother a prayer on Monday thinking I was doing good. I messed up. I did want to acknowledge your 1 year anniversary of your Home_Going. No day passes without thinking of you and Askia. I know that it has been an awful year for your mother and I pray for her and the family all the time. My hope is that we will all be there soon
Happy new year my dear child may we all find comfort in knowing you are pain free  my heart is broken but your spirits live within me forever and ever  I miss my morning afternoon and evening calls  I am holding on as difficult it may be  I keep looking for you to come through the door telling me what to do I miss that miss telling me to walk eat and stay positive   Love and miss you
Yo Girl-friend. Christmas was a blast. The current generation was in yhe kichchen helping your mother with the cooking, cleaning up and everything. Your brother "Ant" made a vinergrate for the salad. He is doing so well in Cordon Blu Cooking School.Even made the president list. The twins are growing like weeds and your boy is so tall and very handsome. What a blessing it was. Love Aunti
Hello my gifted child best friend forever mom missing you each day my thoughts of you are each and everyday  I am working hard on working through this very painful loss  I accomplished one of my goals with all the St Therese's basketball jerseys have many more to go my life mission keeping your memory alive I know you are free of pain only my heart is broken on half love you forever
Merry Christmas my darling girl. I don't know how anything can be "Merry" with two of our kids being gone. It has been 15 years since "Askia's" home going and I still miss that boy very much. He will be 35 on December 30th. Wow. You two kiss and hug each other and enjoy being with the "King of Kings' and Lord of Lords". This Chirstmas will be heavy for all of us. With much love, Aunti Pat
My Dear Missi, I wanted to let you know that you missed a great celebration of your grandfather's 90th birthday. We had a ball. Most everyone was there and you should have seen Darrick's little ones dancing on the floor. You would have been laughing at me and Aunti Nette dancing to the sounds of Motown. Dae was having a ball video-tapping and laughing at us.You and Askia are not far away.
ove you mommy....   im doing well in football  and the dog is good
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU MISSY. My birthday wish for you is you are pain free at last. You struggled for six long years. You have given and shown me strength and the power of our good lord. You will remain forever in my heart. A heart that is broken but good spirits and our memories live forever within. Love you forever and ever. Mom. H 43rd
Happy Birthday MeMe. Oh how I longed for you to see your 43rd birthday, but it wasn't to be. I feel that you and Askia are celebrating in front of the Lord big time with all the host of Angels surrounding you. Miss we are coping the best way that we know how. One foot in front of the other. Your Mom is holding up as well as she can. I love you much. Aunti Pa
Happy Birthday, dear cousin. It is bitter sweet to think how happy your spirit is in heaven, and to know you are no longer fighting a battle.  Yet, I read about the heartache of those who miss you so much, and it just makes me cry.  Your life meant so much to so many, no matter how much they did/did not know you.  What a wonderful impact you made during time here on earth.
mommy i loved helping you at the end.. missing you.. i loved having fun with you love noah
noah loves you
Dear Miss, As with Askia, Life is just not the same without seeing you somewhere in it. I almost went down to the "Coffee Shop" the other day while i was in town. I guess my feet just wouldn't let me. I rememberall the times I came and got "Free" Hazelnut, 2% on my way to work. HOw I miss those times when you would come up and give me a hug and I would pray for you and with you. Love ya
Dear Missi, I wanted to tell you Happy Mommy Day. I know that askia is taking very good care of you. I know that you know that we are  missing you a whole bunch. I am reminded of you always. You know that if it were possible, anyone of us would have gladly taken your Cancer and pain away, but the Lord knew/knows what He was doing. Though we do not understand the "Why"s", we can trust Him.
I remember meeting you for the first time before I was pregnant with Dae, I looked up to you!  When Dae was born you &amp; your family took me in as family &amp; I will forever be grateful for that. As Dae got older I remember you always being there for her &amp; wanting what was best for her. You taught &amp; instilled so much in Dae &amp; I'm so very blessed that she had such an amazing aunt like you! Luv U
To B.J.(sister) "He is our peace" Ephesian 2:14  "Trust in Him at all times" Psalm 62:8   We love you missi,and you will be missed. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord . Love Aunt Julia
Being a cousins (with Bet, Pat) and growing up far away from each other, it was so great when we all finally got to meet. We all had instant love for each other. Missi was younger than me, but impressed me from the get go. So kind, so loving, gentle, intelligent. She was so gracious and sweet, and I will hold that in my heart forever.
we dance Father sets the pace of the music. for reasons that we are not puppets He gives each child the choice of how to move to it. i witness many who have chosen to simply sit. but you. you. handled life the same as we met. with that basketball on your finger tips.. you danced a worthy dance Missy. the song plays on even in Heaven. smile. you're golden and now another of Papa's Angels
I've known Joyce for more years than I can count and she was always been the same person - a kind-hearted person, quiet but strong and determined, she'd offer a quick with a smile or sarcastic look for those she knew well..all of which I'll miss.  I've also known Ann for awhile and my heart goes out to her..Joyce you'll be truly missed
I have known the family since before the dayz when they moved into the 20th and Roy house as kids; friends for life, family forever... Rest, Rest Easy, the Pain is no more... Till We Meet Again StevieWilliams...20602... B4L...L.O.E...
Your infectious smile, would always illuminate the room.  You were always so gracious and humble. I don't have that many experiences with you outside of us leaving Garfield, but the times that we shared together as youth growing up were enough to last me a lifetime.  Rest in Paradise Angel. God Bless you Ann and Noah with lots of love and precious memories.
Joyce,  I am so grateful I had an opportunity to come spend some time with you a few weeks ago. You asked me while I was visiting you if you will ever travel again. Yes, dear Joyce , you are in deed traveling with many angels, first class as God's co-pilot. Rest in Peace.  You will be greatly missed. . Love Desiz
We love you very much dad
To my first love, in memory of Davy Jones. You will forever be in our hearts, remembered fondly by all the lives that you have touched in one way or another. Rest in peace, Davy, you are missed!
well dad did not think that this would hurt ppl so much but i done this 4 u so all off the family can come on here and talk to u i love a miss u all the time but i no your there looking over us love u allways dad xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ove and miss u allways dad xxxxxx
ove you and miss me more then words can say i wish you was here and god did not take you a way they say god only takes the good one,s and you was a good one xxxxxxxxxxxx
miss you dad love you rip xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Happy 4th birthday Ethan mommy misses you watch over mommy and daddy from heaven
For Ethan
p my little angel ya can rest in peace now my sweet lil angel mommy misses you bless mommy from heaven ethan..:)
So sorry for your loss Rest In Peace little angel x
Rip baby boy hope you are having fun in baby heaven with all of the baby angels such as my zoezoe
THANK YOU TO THE JCLDS FOR HELPING ME AT A REALLY BAD TIME IN MY LIFE MAY THE MEMORY OF ETHAN LIVE ON AND ON....RIP ETHAN..
Dad Today you have been missed so very much. To have just a few more minutes to spend with you I wish you a very Happy Birthday Dad. I love you.
Wow, I didn't know of Gladys passing, she will be greatly missed for her  comical humor. Could she make you laugh!  I can only remember good things of her and I give my condolences to her lovely family. May God continue to bless you all with long happy , loving memories of your Mother, Aunt, Grandmother, Cousin, and Sister.
Auntie Gladys was my favorite aunt.She kept it 100 and didnt care if ur feelings get hurt or not. she always seemed to brighten my day when ever i was around her . I miss her dearly .She made the best lumpa in the world and i have never had any singles done right since she been gone . See they dont make people like auntie gladys now days she was one of a kind 4EVER MISSED SHE WILL BE BY ME
For me she was a mother father sister brother auntie and uncle all in one she would assume the role she needed she never judged and she always listen when ever i needed her  and she always gave me the best advice at times she was my bestfriend and i love u auntie u made me always feel like family and its because of u that i knew i was family wish i could talk to u now
Baby, its been one week today and it just doesn't seem real. I keep thinking  my phone is going to ring and once again I'll hear the tune that told me my angel was calling. I cant get past that morning, wondering,but never knowing, if I had done something/anything different you would still be here. I'm not doing good, I'm not ok baby. I need you. I mis you so much. I LOVE YOU JODI! xoxo
The light of my world has gone. Loneliness, darkness &amp; hoplessness have replaced the life u breathed n2 me. Every day is struggle to keep going on.I finaly found the one person I know was made for me &amp; I for her.My animals are all that hold me here.. You will alwaty be my hero,my admiration for you only grows each passing day as does my love &amp; need4u to be held by you, told hold &amp; kiss U.
8 years I have to live without you. And it's the hardest thing I have done miss you and love
Nikoli and I will always love you and miss you. My life will never be the same without you in it everyday. Thank you Love for 7 years of love and memories that I will never forget. I will cherish our last kiss and last I love you's for the rest of my life .. Until I see you again XOXO
I will never forget you. You were my best friend i miss you and miss our talks love you
Five years have passed so quickly!! Miss you much Sister-Friend!! Loving you always, Eileen
I MISS YOUUUUU NANA !! Going through so much lately I just need you &amp; god to give me the strength . tryna some how follow in your foot steps one way or another .. like WHAT WOULD NANA DO ? . tryna fix my attitude and get on in life but its soo hard especially without u physically here to guide me
Good morning Love.  You are truly missed, my sister n law is really sick and they said she wouldn't make it through the night, it just happened to be on the same night you transitioned. All I was saying nor n the same day!!! She made it through the night, she's on life aupport, not sure when but when she does make it, tell her to act right. You know she does not no how to act. Put her in time out Lol. I love you VJJ you visited me through a card I found in your office. Dada sent you a GMA card, couldn't belive it showed up in December. I have it Best GMA in the world
Hey mommy, always thinking about you. I'm at a point that I'm not angry that you left me and now I'm smiling every time I think about you. Every time I get ready to cry I quickly think of some good memories that's cheerful. Love you always quanicka
Just stopping by to let you know I am thinking of you. How I wish you were here.  Your newest grand child is a mess and too cute.  You would be enjoying her.  Nevertheless, miss you much and we love you dearly.
To my Sister Friend; Time has  flown by so rapidly but  there is not a day that goes by that I  don't think of you. There were a lot of good times, funny times, and Rich times... We had a special relationship that I will cherish for a lifetime
To my sister friend; Time has gone by so rapidly but there is not a single day that goes by that I don't think of you... We had a very special relationship, we argued fussed and cursed each other but never without one of us giving in. Today is your BDay so I will say Happy Birthday!!!! I do now know you are in a better place... I miss you much!!!
Hey mom, I haven't wrote you in a while but I talk to you everyday in spirit. I want to wish you the happiest birthday in heaven. Love you
It's me again Beans! Can't believe it has been a year and a day already. Everyone misses you dearly. I get by thinking of all the good times we shared. You have a very special place in my heart and I will cherish our time spent together forever.  Love always, your son in law
Mother In Law...I called you that before I even married your daughter. I am sitting here smiling, thinking about our journey of how we bonded. We eventually became best of friends and in your last days, I dont think there was anyone who spoke with you more than me. You inspired me and gave great advice. You had the greatest heart and lived life to the fullest. We miss and Love you much!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I miss you everyday. Sometimes I get frustrated because I be needing your advice. (You know what i'm talking about) lol But I just think back and realize you gave me it already. It's just hard with you not being here physically. I miss your laugh, conversation and fun loving times we shared. You are a Angel and will forever remain in my heart. LOVE YOU, BEANS!!!
Happy Birthday mommy my sweet heart diva, love and miss u so much.
happy birthday my diva .... i miss you :(                   so badly .           until we meet again love you #1 &amp; ONLY grand daughter :)
Hey mom, well I took your advice and I married my best friend my child father my soul mate on October 5th. Even though I thought it was going to be ruff having you not there, you was right by myside and made the day so perfect. Also all your kids are still getting along and getting closer every day. love you mom I miss you so much.
Dear Nana ; It Haven't Even Been A Year &amp; I Miss You Truly .  i feel incomplete without you . Nothing Makes Me Smile Unless I Think About You In The Back Of My Mind . Its Not A Day That Goes By That I Dont Think About Youu :(       until we meet again ..luv YOUR #ONE GRANDCHILD &amp; ONLY GRANDDAUGHTER ILY NANA .
me: mommyyyyyyyyy  mom: yes baby me: mommmm mom: what quanicka me: nothing just call to say i love you mom: i love you to baby
Mom today is your day Mother's Day. I dont know how im get through it but i will. I love you and miss you as you already know.
Wow Virginia I can not believe you are gone. I now have my three Angels and cheerleaders In heaven you, Barbara and Tracey. The three people who always had my back. I will miss you so much but I will always remember the laughs we had. And we had a lot  I love you Virginia always
Mom it's me again. Well a lot has happen since you left. I did go back to work finally with the strength of God. Wise finally propose to me and i said yes. I know you had something to do with it all. lol But mom instead of planning my dream wedding I'm crying wishing you was here I dont want to get married with out you here. Its so much I constanly want to tell you and ask you. I love you
FROM THE FIRST DAY WE MET WE INSTANTLY CLICKED, SHE MADE ME LAUGH AND TAUGHT ME AT NO MATTER WHAT AGE, YOU CAN STILL HAVE THE SPIRIT OF A TEENAGER. YOU WILL TRULY BE MISSED, NOW YOU ARE THE ANGEL THAT WATCHES OVER YOUR FAMILY AND KEEPS THEM SAFE. I WILL MISS THOSE FUNNY STORIES AND THAT SASSY ATTITUDE THAT ALWAYS KEPT A SMILE ON MY FACE WHENEVER YOU WERE AROUND, R.I.P. ...
I admired Aunt Vigina's fabulosity, I hope I am half a fabulous as she was when I get her age.  She also had a youthful love of life,  she worked hard and she played hard.  If I were to try to describe her life's  philosophy, it  would be Love, Live and Laugh.  Virgina Jones-Jackson enjoyed her life, and she lived her life on her own terms.  We should realize that life it too short so let's enjoy
RIP May God Bless you forever and ever. The Moise Family
A Beautiful Gem, A Treasure, A BLACK QUEEN,gone but never forgotten...may your soul rest in peace...love you Katiti(a.k.a Evette)
I treasure every moment you spent in my life with me mommy.I hoped to have you longer,but its not meant to be.You left this world December 26,2011 so suddenly.I think my heart went too.I feel so lost and lonely.Mommy and i cry from missing you.I know you're in a better place.I know you're happy there.I know one day mommy i'll join you,but the wait is hard to bear.
My heart feels like its breaking as I try to carry on.You were my life,my everything,but now mommy,you're gone.I'll count the years until the time I join you there above.Where then we'll be eternally,together again my love AKA MRS JONES-JACKSON
Virgina you will always be missed,I  remember all the good times we had together . with plenty of laughter. I am so glad you not in pain anymore and now dancing with your husband. Paul Jackson. Virgina i will meet you at the crosswalk.
Virgina,we go way back. I remeber the good times we had especially on Grove St. .with your mom. We stayed in trouble (Sister) . I remember 3yrs ago our trip to Atlantic City! We had fun for our birthdays. I can go on &amp; on but I must say you had a HEART OF GOLD, would go out your way for others, you was there for me with my family situations . LOVE you, Miss you, GOD LOVES you BEST
Mom,how much I love you words can't express. You are my best friend although your Father in Heaven call you home, I wasn't ready it is still so much we haven't done seen or experience or even talk about. Everyday is a struggle for me now that you are not here. I ask God for strength to get me through this. Knowing you are not in pain or suffering any more take away some of the tears. luv u
Missing you today &amp; always.... Shared a story on here in the "Stories" section &amp; it made me feel better.  Until we meet again..... ALWAYS ON MY MIND &amp; FOREVER IN MY HEART!  Love,  Tara
Happy Birthday in Heaven, Uncle Johnny  You're always on my mind
I love you,  Uncle Johnny.  Always on my mind &amp; forever in my heart.
I love you &amp; miss you so much! Always on my mind &amp; forever in my heart
Today makes 8 years since you were called to your Heavenly home..I miss you so much!!I sure wish you were still here...untill we meet again always in my heart!!!
Its the time of year again when missing you becomes harder to bear..itsbeen 7 years since GOD called you home, your birthday is coming up and so is valentines day, Feb is always hard for me but I know if you could you would tell me to not grieve, to go on and I try, its hard..love and miss you forever and always..
Today makes 6 yrs you went away.I miss you , ore with each passing day, I will join you soon so save a place for me.until then forever in my heart and always on my mind...I LOVE YOU JOHNNY..
Always on my mind &amp; Forever in my heart!
Missing you on your birthday and always. Praying you will be there to welcome Momma into Heaven. The doctor said her journey will be today. I love you!
Johnny... No matter what, you were always there for me &amp; I sure do miss you! Thank you for bringing Aunt Connie into our family. She's a jewel &amp; I'd be lost without her. Just like you, she's always there for me...no matter what. We all miss you so much!!! I know that in Heaven there is only peace. Momma will be joining you soon &amp; even though y'all didn't see eye to eye on Earth, I know that you'll be there to welcome her at those pearly gates. Thank you! Give Granny, Girlie &amp; Rachel lots of hugs for me. I miss you all so so much :'(  Heaven is sweeter because you all are there. Someday soon we'll all be together again. Until then....only love Love, Tara
JOHNNY,YOU AND RACHEL WERE ALIKE IN THAT WE NEVER  LEFT EACH OTHER WITHOUT A HUG.SURE COULD USE ONE NOW.MISS AND LOVE YOU ALWAYS.XOX,ME
I was looking for this  yesterday,you of all people knew how I was about losing things and forgetting where I put things......well it has been 5 years since GOD called you home and I still have not learned to keep up with things for my self..lol.. I miss you more with each passing day and if you see Peggy up there give her a big hug for me and tell her I will see you all soon..just save a place for me right next to you because that is where I will always be..I love and miss you more ever day!!
hi johnny sitting here thinking of you as always.I have spent all week with tara,going to a singing at donnas house tomorrow.sure wish you were here.we all miss you so much.I know i will see you again someday soon so save a place for me right by your side is where i want to be.love you always.holding you in my heart forever!!!!!
hi my darling,just sitting here watching it rain and remembering the good times we had sitting on our front porch watching it rain and watching all the deer play in our yard.I miss you so much!!wish you could see the grandkids and how much they all have accoplished in life.you would be so proud..I am going to place new flowers on your grave .SAVE A PLACE FOR ME I WILL BE THERE SOON ...LOVE
Papaw today is just an awful day Im sitting in my bedroom wishing you was still here Everytime I hear Johhny Hortan or Toby Keith i just break down and start crying It has been 3 years and 2 months since you have been gone I wish you was here so I could tell you about all my problems and you could help me through them like you used to Ill see you again one day I love you papaw &amp; i miss you
Happy birthday in Heaven,I miss you more with each passing day.save a place for me i will be there soon to sit by your side again.I will always hold you close in my heart till we meet again.I cant wait to stroll over Heaven with you by my side...
has been almost 3 years since GOD called to you home,now granny jones,aunt girlie and racheal are all with you.I miss you so much wish you were here....love forever and always...
hinking about you today as always.me and tara went to fall creek falls saturday and it took me back to the time we were there and the fun we always had together...i miss you more with each passing day.love you forever my johnny
johnny just sitting here watching the sun stream through the window and thinking about you and your smile.getting ready to go to the lake with tara sure wish you was here to go with us,wish you were here to see all your grandkids and how much they have growed and achived missing and loving you forever...we will meet again someday.vickie says hi.
missing you more ever day.forever and always in my heart
woke up this morning to the sun shining brightly just laid here and thought of you. this was always your favorite time of year when the trees started budding and the flowers started springing to life. you were so full of life,laughter,and love. miss you forever my love. see you soon on that golden shore. love forever and always,just one more hug.
JOHNNY, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!FOR US DOWN HERE IT IS A SAD DAY.AS LONG AS WE REMEMBER YOU WILL LIVE FOREVER.LOVE,STEVE&amp;TRE          ONLY FOR A SMALL TOUCH OF YOUR JOY!!!!!!!!!!! KISS GRANNY FROM TERESSA
YOU WERE JUST WAY TO YOUNG.I WANT ONE MORE HUG. TRE
YOUR BRO.ROBERT &amp; SIS. DONNA ARE JUST LOST WITHOUT YOU AND GRANNY JONES.THERE IS A SADNESS IN THEIR EYES THAT JUST CAN'T BE TAKEN AWAY.BUT PRAISE GOD SOMEDAY WHEN THEY TOO SHALL MEET IN HEAVEN-----THE SADNESS WILL BE FOREVER GONE.I NEVER KNEW OUR BODY COULD HOLD SO MANY TEARS.   TRE
ood at your grave today with flowers in hand to remember your birthday and a wonderful man. you were always tough and always strong i never thought you would ever be gone. as you celebrate this birthday in heaven you are missed and loved. may you rest in peace in heaven above.missing you and granny jones so much!!!!!!!till we meet again on heavens shore !!!!
Johnny....Me, Rachel &amp; Gracie took flowers to your grave for Valentine's Day and to Granny &amp; Papaws, too. We took some to the baby buried beside y'all too. I miss you and Granny so much!!! They say time heals all broken hearts, but I'm not so sure about that. I miss you both more with each passing day. Til we meet again! I love you! Hold Granny and tell her I love her too!!! R.I.P.
MAMMA MISSES YOU SO MUCH.MUCH LOVE FROM FROM YOUR SISTER-DONNA JEAN
o the best sweetheart in the world. i was not here valentines day so this is a little late.i miss you more with each passing day.Johnny i love you so much.sending you hugs and kisses and please give granny jones a hug from me. i will see you all soon. rest in peace my forever love till we meet again...i love you forever and always!!!!!
GRANNY JONES AND JOHNNY.....JUST TO HAVE ONE MORE MINUTE...I MISS YOU BOTH!!!
I love you papaaw i dont know what to do without you anymore! i miss you dearly but now your in a better place love you(:
JOHNNY, WE MISS YOU DAILY!! LOVE,TERESSA
me gets closer to you being gone two years i think of you morning night and noon,i find myself callin your name as i walk into a room.you were my life you were always there with your smiling face to lose you was so hard to bare.guess GOD need a great angel like you you are forever missed all my love to you!!!!!!!
johnny you were my love my life and most of all my best friend.I miss you so bad as time goes by i thought it would get easier.I miss your smiling face,your loving arms and the strength you gave me to go on each day.you were my all.I love and miss you with all my heart.we will be together in heaven someday.
johnny christmas has come and gone and i am sure you enjoyed it in heaven with granny jones this year.it was so hard to celebrate without you here but i know you are in a better place.i will always miss your smiling face and warm embrace. i love you so much my johnny.please give granny jones hugs from me.love you.see you soon.
J, I know I have been busying working 2 jobs, trying to stay above the sinking waters that constantly surrounds me, but you, Ma, Jj and family are forever in my mind, heart and soul.  I miss you all so much and it still hurts, like it was yesterday when you all left on the road to Glory with the Lord.  I know we will all see you all again, what a glorious day that would be.  Thank you Jesus for their lives, love Jesus, can’t thank you enough.  God is still on the throne, thank you Jesus, love Kid!
Today’s our mother’s heavenly entrance into eternal life with our Lord Jesus, love and miss you Momma.  Thank you Jesus for my mother’s life.  Love and miss you J and Jj and everybody.  We will see you all again, in Jesus’ name.  Love Kid
Hey J, been thinking of you lately and still miss you the same, it never changes, I think it will change when we see you all again.  I’ve been working alot and I am tired alot and I miss you, Ma, Jj and everybody else alot.  Always thinking of you, always missing you, love you forever.  Love Kid!
Happy Veteran’s Day J, love and miss you very, miss you every day, wish you were here with me.  I’ve been very busy, tired all the time.  Wish everybody was still here, can’t deal with death, you never get over it, ever!  Love and miss you still, Kid!
Just loving and missing you more and more J.  Thank you Jesus!  Will see you , Ma, Jj, Howard and everyone again!  Glory to the God we serve!
Love and missing you still J...really need you and your advice.  Glad I always listened to you J, you always gave me good advice...love and think of you often, see here your voice in my head, it will never leave me.  Love always and forever, Kid!
J, you know what tomorrow is, thank you for my birthday card, you never forgot, thank you Jesus, what an amazing God we serve.  Love and miss you Momma and Daddie, I thank you and Daddie for my birthday. Love Shellene
HAPPY HEAVENLY Father's Day to my one and only brother, J.  J you and Vet got it right with Veshia, she's beautiful and have graduated, beauty and brains as you would always say, love and miss you J.  Can't remember if we have ever wished Daddie Happy Father's Day,  I'm sure we had in the time we had with him. To the Glory of God, thank you Jesus for Fathers everywhere and may God bless their children.
Happy Birthday Lynn, continued blessings for many more, love Shell I really sent this on the 6th, now as I go in, looks like I forgot to click  send.
Another year "It's your birthday" still remembered and still missed. Love you Bea
HAPPY HEAVENLY 59th BIRTHDAY J.  LOVE AND MISS MORE AND MORE EACH DAY THAT GOES PASS WITH YOU, Jj, Ma, Howard and our HEAVENLY family.  Love Kid!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!  I miss you, J!   Luv ya,  Lu
Hey J, all honor to you and Howard.  Thank you for your service on this special day.  Miss you!...  It's the basketball playoffs and I know how much you and JJ loved this time of year.  Talking basketball knowledge with JJ in heaven...I can only imagine.  Miss ya'll....miss ya'll a whole lot.   Love and kisses to you big bro....Lu
Belinda, thanks for the beautiful pictures, love and miss ya!  Shellene
J, your baby has graduated for IU, will post pictures once I get them.  Beauty and Brains, just as you have always said...Thank you Jesus!
J, my dearest brother, my life has been forever changed, don’t have my big brother to talk or confide in.  Really miss you J, you were the only one who could tell me how to handle things, that’s what big brothers do, my tears are real and I miss you very much, miss your voice and hearing your advice.  I try and figure out, J would say this, J would say that and now I say Lord, you figure it out and He always does in lieu of you.  Missing you and Ma very much, love and miss you forever and forever, love Kid!
Praise the Lord for all the service men and women who have served our country and who have gone on to glory, some we lost in battle, some not, my brother and uncle were men who served and have gone on to glory and we will see them again.  Love and miss you both, my love forever.
Love you more Lynn, going to get up there to visit you one of these days...Shell
J, I can hear you talking about me, lol!  Love and miss you still, I still hear your voice, miss your presence in the flesh in my life.  I am so grateful you are and will always be my big brother.  Love will never, ever fade as time go by, we will see you, Ma, Jj, Howard and the rest of our family, Lu and I are holding it down.  Veshia is graduating in May, we are going to go, you were always right about Veshia having beauty and brains.  Love and miss my brother, always and forever, Kid!
Just wanted to say 'Happy New Year' Bro....Miss you, Lu
Ken Ken!!....Your Heavenversary was a rough one! I never forget and still have Shell's voicemail. I continue to pray for our hearts and minds. Lord knows this heartache only He can comfort!! Jesus!!! We've had another rough yr and we're all trying to cope one day at a time. #nevergiveup
Happy Holiday's to my Sister's for life, Shell and Lu! Love you!!
Wishing were still here, even though I know you are in a better place. Peace and Grace.
On tomorrow, we lost a son, a brother, a dad, a nephew, a cousin, a soldier and a loyal and loving friend of all friends.  Heaven gained all of that and even more.  Not a day goes by that I miss my big brother, still hurts after all these years, I remember that day, like it was yesterday.  Now with Jj, Ma and Howard with you, I miss you all even more.  Never get tired of miss you J, never get tired of loving you and wishing you were here with us.  Your kid sisters love and miss you still, holidays, never have been the same since you have gone on to the with the Lord.  Will see you all again, love Kid!
Hey J,  this time of year is so difficult.  As we celebrate the birth of Christ, we can also celebrate your birth in Heaven.  Miss you a lot... knowing that you are in heaven with Ma and JJ is comforting.  I know   you are taking care of them...you loved being in charge, it was your nature            Love you, J....Lu
November now and Mom’s birthday is approaching, missing her, you and Jj so much, so much is going on, don’t know if I am coming or going.  Still hurting, can’t cry, can’t sleep, what’s a girl to do.  Miss you all so much, I just wish and just wish, but have to thank Jesus for your lives, no matter what.  Will see you all again, what joy that would be.  So much going on period, it’s crazy, come on Jesus, send the RAIN!  GLORY TO JESUS, THANK YOU JESUS!  LOVE AND MISS YOU ALL KID!
J, your sisters and family love and miss you STILL, always in our hearts, minds and souls.  Miss Ma and Jj very, very much, love and miss our family PERIOD.  Love always and forever in Christ Jesus, thank you Jesus for our Mother, Maxine, missed and loved so much!
THANK YOU JESUS FOR OUR FAMILY!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY ONE AND ONLY BIG BROTHER.  LOVE AND MISS YOU J.  LU AND I LAID FLOWERS FOR YOU.  MISSING AND LOVING YOU STILL, ALWAYS AND FOREVER, LOVE KID Happy Birthday to Lynn too, so cool your birthdays were on the same day. Thanking the Lord for you both, Love Jesus!
Thank you Jesus for my heavenly family, J, Jj, Howard, Darryl and my Mom,  Thank you Jesus for them all, Glory to God, Grace and Mercy
J, your Light forever shines in my heart, I love and miss you still, Kid!  Happy Heavenly Birthday, J!
Your 58th birthday is Tuesday J and your kid sisters miss you very much!  We are going to go out and lay some flowers for your day.  Missing you so much it's crazy, boy J, you are almost the big 60, missing Mama and Jj, it still hurts.  You just don't get over, ever, because I miss you all forever, my life hasn't been the same.  I'm keeping you and Mama in the cover, love and still missing you.  Love Kid!
Miss you J, more than you know.  Life isn't the same and neither am I with Ma up there with you all.  Miss my family, love and miss you still Kid!
J, Funny how movies can bring about memories long forgotten.  The other I saw one of your favorite movies of all time...'It's a Mad, Mad, Mad World,'...too funny...I immediately thought of you.  I miss you, bro..... Love Lu
J, sorry I'm just posting, so much going on since Ma joined you in heaven, I miss her terribly, but I know she's definitely in a better place.  Miss talking to you, miss my Jj and our family period, so many are joining the fold in heaven, praise the Lord, I'm just praying for my strenghth and peace of mind.  Love and miss you still J, love Kid
J, Love and miss you...nothing is the same without you.  Watch over Jj . Love ya, Lu
As you visit me often, I awake in laughter always!!! We had so many beautiful moments Ken. As you know it's been a rough yr for me, however, your presence continues to light my world daily. I know we may feel lonely, yet we are never alone. The tears flow and I know you were the lucky one. The rest of us have to continue the journey until God calls our number. #6 ~AD
Thank you Jesus for my big brother. Miss and love him more. LOVE KID.
SO TRUE LYNN SO TRUE.
Tomorrow will be 5 years since we lost a son, brother, father, uncle, cousin and friend to Jesus Christ who claim his son. My heart is still heavy after all this time and I know it will always be.  I know you are in a better place and we will see you again, but it still hurts and I still miss you everyday.  It don't get easy, I miss talking to you, listening to your advice and you saying how corny I am, lol.  Ma miss you too, Veshia and Lu, Lex and Thomas, everybody and your friends, we all miss you J.  You are and will always be forgettable.  Love and missing you still Kid
THANK YOU JESUS FOR THE LIFE OF MY BIG BROTHER, KENNETH MICHAEL JONES, FORGETTABLE YOU ARE!
Your light is still bright with me. Miss you
Just sitting here thinking of my big brother, friend to the end.  I love and miss you still J.  Sitting here looking at your drivers license pic and my tears are flowing. God I miss you so much J.  You and Jj, my Jays gone for now, but we will see you guys again.  Just miss talking to you and listening to your advice.  That's what big brothers are suppose to do, protect their sisters and you did that, praise the Lord.  Sometimes, I just feel alone, already tired and Momma doesn't make it easy for me or Lu.  But that's your mother, lol.  Sorry, I haven't been writing much, so much going on, just trying to keep my hair above water, lol.  Until next time, Jj, love and miss you still.  Your little sister...Kid!
Miss you!  This holiday is never the same without you and Jj. Love you, Kenneth... Lu
THANK YOU JESUS FOR MY BROTHER AND UNCLES AND EVERYONE WHO SERVED IN THE ARM FORCES AND EVEN GIVEN THEIR LIVES. LORD HAVE MERCY. LOVE AND MISS U STILL J. LOVE KID
God Bless you, J!  Thank you for your service to this country.  We miss you so much!  Love you, Lu
Cubs Did It J!  I know you and Jj would be so happy, love and miss you both.
Missing u still j. Never, ever will forget you, i need you still, love you more and more. So unforgettable. We will see you again J. Love kid
J, I know you are celebrating Jj's big 20 today.  Love and miss you J and my Jj.  Love ya, Kid!
J, still missing and loving you still.  As we age and family, friends and love ones go on to glory, we shall all be together again.  Ma is going through and we tell her everyday, she's not a burden, she's Ma, so she can't give up and we won't let her.  Wish you were here, she would really listen you to.  Love and miss you still J, Kid!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY IN HEAVEN,SURE WISH YOU WERE HERE!!
Missing you as always on your birthday..ao many changes since you been gone.I mias you more everday...
Uncle Johnny, Tomorrow makes two years since God took you home. Sometimes it seem like yesterday and other times it seems like an eternity ago. I miss you every day! I know you were waiting at heaven's gates. October 26, 2011 when Granny Jones went Home too!  I can only imagine the reunion we'll all have one day!!! I love you and miss you both. Xox
MISSING YOU MORE EVERYDAY.PEOPLE SAY TIME HEALS BUT YOU WILL LIVE IN MY HEART FOREVER.WISH YOU WERE HERE. I VISIT YOUR GRAVE OFTEN I LOVE YOU FOREVER MY JOHNNY!!!!
Johnny ....you were always good to me. I miss you every day. Your memory will live on forever in my heart. I am so glad you introduced me to Connie. I have adopted her as my chosen aunt. She's always there for me just like you were. We call each other often especially when we're missing you. I miss you and Granny everyday but I know we'll be together in heaven someday. Til then...RIP
We miss you Johnny! He was such a good man! Some of my favorite memories are of spending time with him. He always treated Denver and I like his own!
johnny,you were my life, my love, my best friend, i miss you more than words can ever say. you were always by my side night and day and any time i needed you.you were there through thick and then through sickness and in health.my forever love may you rest in peace....love and miss you my Johnny!!!!!!
Hey baby it's been 5 yrs today. I woke up at 5 am I swore I heard you whisper my name. I live each day missing you.  Jennifer is so beautiful,  she talks about you to me sometimes, and Becky and Nicole think of you everyday. I know you and your dad are up there watching over each other, keep him close. Mama loves you baby,  Vicky you are my angel, and we are learning to live our lives here without your beautiful smile, but I have it locked in my heart.
Vicky it is hard to believe it's been 4 yrs. I miss you so much. I hold you in my heart and I wanted to tell you Happy Birthday and i love you. I know you are watching over us all and I know I will see your beautiful smile and hear your sweet voice again. I love you baby.
Happiest of birthdays to you in heaven. We all miss you very much and know your up there trying to guide us with gentle hands and angel kisses.
Happy Birthday Sis. We all love and miss you.
We all love and miss u but no one more than Jellie. Love u sis
I love you. I miss you. If I could have you back I would.
Vicky is my daughter she is and always will be an angel in heaven and in our hearts, Vicky aka Trix  I love you and miss you baby. I know you are in the garden of heaven watching over all the babies.
Vicky aka trix was my bestfriend an sister blood would not made us any closer she had a heart of gold helped me thru alot i miss her everyday she is locked into my heart an never gonna be removed i love u trix an miss you i know your with the angels lookin over me love your brother Ricker
Dear papa
To the family. We will always remember the one we have lost. Their spiritwill always live in us. We now need to share the love he has given us with one another so his spirit will live forever in the next generation. Much Love To All. Skip
Dad we shared life as life was meant to be shared and I cherish all the good and bad times our family had. Our love for you is never ending and we miss you oh so very much.
I LOVE YOU PAPA YOU ARE THE BEST PAPA ANYONE COULD ASK FOR I WILL LOVE AND MISS YOU FOREVER!!
&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
never forgotten
Greatly missed, forever remembered.
Forever our Hero, forever missed.
Remembering Jeremy and his family on his angel day. He is our Hero and we are very proud of him.   We will never forget.
we all will miss you ,you will be in our heart's forever.until we meet again i will be here missing you. i love you linda         love stacey
I can't believe it's been 3 years yet you are still fresh in my memories, today and always! R.I.P. SCOTTY BOY!
I do not know where the time has gone....3 years ago today I learned Scott had passed away.  The sadness is still in my heart.  I look forward to our annual tree planting in November and know that with every tree we plant,  a little piece of him will live on.  We are almost reaching the goal Rick set of 20,000 trees.  Bless you Scott!  I love you.  Barb
flower for your birthday
Happy Birthday Scott... I wish you were here to see what a nice looking son you have... tall like dad and still blond like you.  Love you,  Barbara
Happy Birthday Scott, You are always thought about and missed by many. Your son Charlie has taken up your trade of painting, his is doing very well at it. Please continue to watch over him, as I feel that's what you are doing. You are gone way to soon for him, we love you!
hinking of you today on this sad anniversary....love and peace to your friends and family....rip,scott
Not a day goes by that I don't think of you, Love and miss you so much..
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY DAD, I sure do miss you, it's funny how I ended up here in DAYTONA BEACH, FL,your resting place, wish you were still around, Love Charlie
HAPPY FATHERS DAY SCOTT, Please watch over your boy Charlie, we LOVE and miss you dearly, Love Arleen
HAPPY BIRTHDAY IN HEAVEN SCOTT. WE LOVE YOU AND YOU ARE ALWAYS IN OUR THOUGHTS AND OUR HEARTS. WE MISS YOU SO MUCH, YOUR SON IS NOW IN DAYTONA BEACH, PLEASE WATCH OVER HIM FOR ME, GOD BLESS YOU ALWAYS, LOVE ARLEEN
hinking of you on your birthday.......love to your family
Happy Birthday Scott -  March 30th 1957 - Halifax Hospital Daytona Beach Florida -  I remember Mom and Dad telling me I had a new little brother -  they wanted to name you Todd, but for some reason, at 5 yrs old I did not like that name and wanted you named Scott - so they named you Scott Robert (after dad) Jones.  You were so cute with blond - reddish hair!
Scott - you are missed by many and it is still so sad your son will not have you around as he grows up as you had our dad all those years.  Maybe you would have realized what a blessing you had eventually and been a good dad for Charlie.  Miss you and love you.   Barbara
Happy Birthday in Heaven, Scott.
on the anniversary of your passing(sorry a day late) i just wanted to let your family know that scott is still loved,missed and remembered
I can't believe it's been a year, I feel like you are still here. We think about you everyday, you are so deeply loved and missed. Until we meet again one day, keep looking over us. We love you, Arleen and your son Charlie
March 30, 2012 - Happy Birthday Scott -   I can remember calling you every year for 30+ years on your birthday to tell you Happy Birthday and you would always say - Hi Barb, thanks for calling -  and every year I would pray that the year ahead would be a better year for you.  Miss you Scott - Hard to believe that you would be 55 this birthday!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SCOTT IN HEAVEN, I SURE DO MISS YOU ALONG WITH CHARLIE AND MY MOM AND MY SISTER AND MY NIECE JESSICA. YOU WERE THE BEST AND I WISH YOU WERE STILL HERE ON EARTH. MAY YOU REST IN PEACE IN HEAVEN AND LOOK OVER YOUR SON ONCE IN AWHILE. WE THINK ABOUT YOU EVERYDAY, GOD BE WITH YOU!
Today we planted over 2.000 trees in Charlotte - my husband's annual event-now over 12,000 in 7 yrs. I thought of how long a tree lives and how strong they are and recalled some advise from a tree I love:  Go out on limb, stand tall and proud, remember your roots, and enjoy the view! We miss you Scott, and I hope you are enjoying the view. Bless you Always.
Father we entrust our Scott to your mercy.You loved him greatly in this life now that he is freed from all its cares, give him happiness and peace forever. Welcome him now into Paradise where there will be no more pain.
Marie has sent you a note from Scott Jones memorial website:    I worked with Scott at Corner Store and partied with the same Boca crowd for many years- nothing but gentle memories, he was very protective of me. LOTs of laughs and good times. My heart goes out to you and the rest of his family and f
Scott I'm going to miss you! We were so close in age that we told everyone we were brother and sister-no one could understand how you could be my Uncle. I remember spending weekends at the beach and riding the waves until our stomachs were raw. Miss You!  Love, Cindy
I did not know Scott, But Arleen is one of my dearest friends..We go way back to age 12. I have been praying..(and will continue)..For Arleen,Charlie, and for Scott's family.  I am so sorry for your loss.  May God wrap his loving arms around you and comfort you....
Scott was my brother and I loved him very much.  We were very different, and lead very different lives.  He had many friends who he loved and his family in South Florida, including his son Charlie.  I know they will all miss him and like I pray he is in a better place.
please add your memories of Scott and any pictures you have you would like to share - I do not have many from the past 25+ years - only a few here and there!  So please share your good times and memories of him with each other.  I know he will miss you all.
Please rather than send flowers, plant a tree in Scott's memory -  Every time you water it or look at it you can remember Scott and recall all of the good things about him -  Planting A Tree is a Living Memory of him that will live on for many years to come.
Dad, I wish I was there for you at the time of your despair.Always know that I love you and you will be dearly missed.Until we meet again, REST IN PEACE DAD,Love your son, Charlie
ott was a dear friend and classmate from boca high.i m so sorry for your loss charlie,barbara,arlene and the rest of his family.he was at my families house for many holidays and he and my sister ,leigh ann were very close,too.he will be missed.
I MISS YOU SO MUCH,MY SON................
Mary another year we remember your birthday. Hears wishing you a happy birthday in heaven. Love you girl.
Mary it's been a while since you left us. you are missed as much now as when you first left us.RIP my friend, until we meet again. love susie
Mary it's been since 2009 since you left us. Miss you as much today as I did the day you left us 11-21-2009. You are at Peaxe  now, no more pain. Love you my friend, remember when we first met, at BHS.
Mary, well it's been six years since you passed. Today you would be 70. You are missed everyday my friend.
Wel Mary it's been 6 years since you left us. I miss you dearly. I think of you often.   Love susie
Wel Mary it's been 6 years since you left us. I miss you dearly. I think of you often.   Love susie
Happy birthday Mary, my dear friend. Missing you.
Well yesterday was your birthday. I miss you my friend.  Always
Mary you are  missed more &amp; more each day. Love you Susie
Well today is your birthday. Happy Birthday my friend, you are missed more and more everyday. I pray you are at peace and resting. love you Mary. Always  Susie
It's been two years since your passing I miss you as much today as I did two years ago. Mary my friend Wilma is coming home to be with our Lord. If you see her tell her hello from me. She is a kind person just like you, I know you'll become good friends. All my Love Susie
Mary was the best friend I ever had. She is missed more than words can explain. Mary was a kind loving person. I met Mary when we were in the 7th grade and remained friends with her until her untimely death. RIP my fiend.
17-8 -85 to 30-5 2008,,you missed and loved so much by everyone ,your are my Special Angel and always at my side ,love you so much xx Mum
OUR HEARTS WERE SHATTERED THE DAY GOD TOOK YOU AS ONE OF HIS ANGELS ,BUT WE KNOW YOU ARE IN GOOD HANDS AND THAT YOU ARE WITH US ALWAYS NO MATTER WHERE WE GO AND WHAT WE DO,xx NOT A DAY GOES BY WHEN YOU ARE NOT IN OUR THOUGHTS xx LOVE AND MISS YOU FOR
Carolyn "bay bay" Jones was a fun loving people person to be around. She will be missed by her 4 remaining children 1 sister 2 brothers and a great host of grandchildren nieces/nephews cousins and friends
Today Dad would have been 81. I miss him very much.  He was very supportive of me and tried to understand what I was going through. Of everyone in my family, my father was the most compassionate.  He really loved me unconditionally and that was a blessing. I miss you dearly Dad.
I thought  all week that this would be the first time in a number of years I would not be making a birthday card for my brother.  It was always fun to try to think of a memory he might like to share.  Miss you brother.
My brother Herb's efforts were very important in helping us all get through college with our Uncle's financial backing. He also stood up for me at my wedding and supported my efforts to open an educational program for inner city young people.
Herb came into my life in 1999 bringing a deep love and friendship. We were lucky to share a wonderful relationship for 11 years. Thank you Herb- love you always...
Grandpa and I shared a love of music. We always talked about the choirs we were in and what songs we were singing.  I will miss sharing our musical moments.
My father was the quintessential Santa Claus.When he was home it was a big deal!  He had usually been gone for a LONG time, so his arrival was much anticipated. All of a sudden everyone was happy and we seemed like a normal family for a minute...he
The one thing I can say for Dad is he was easy to be around. I felt like I could bring any friend or boyfriend to him and he would find a way to strike up a conversation. He didn't waste a lot of time judging people. He knew how to seize the moment a
Herb was a good brother.While growing up in Pittsburgh, He often babysat for his two younger sisters.During the WWII blackouts he tried to keep us unafraid. He had a great laugh and could speak on just about anything with some insight. I will miss my
He was in the end a pretty good dad, not a great one, but a pretty good one. His life was complicated, very complicated. He just could not sit still-even at the end. He had more different jobs and engineered more different products  than I can rememb
For those of us blessed with knowing Jack - his passing - though expected - has left a hole in our hearts - tears in our eyes - and hopefully - in time - a smile on our faces - laughter in our souls .
I can't believe it's been 9 years already, cousin... I sure wish you were around... just know that you're very missed by so many! Love you!
Six long years without you and some days seems like last week.  So much going on and with each special event or even the hard ones I think about you and wish you were here with us.   For such a short time with us, you left such a huge void.  I can't hardly contain my tears each time I get to see Baylee and Lil Nick.  They are so fun.  They both have cute personalities.  Baylee and I danced at Christmas time this year.  She is so much like you.  She wanted to hold back being goofy but when she finally danced it was with the joy only a child knows.  Pure uncomplicated joy.  Lil Nick and I partnered up to play cards.  He was a bit shy and so stinking cute.  When it got time for him to say Uno, it was barely a whisper.  I told him he needed say it louder.  His response, "I already did."  He melted my heart.  They mirror you in so many ways.  You would be so proud.   I've thought about you so much this week with the birth of Kiley, Erin's  first.  It's takes me back to when you all were so little.  Those were the days.   We  celebrated Christmas at Granny's old place this year and I found myself reflecting on many Christmas' past.  I hope that our new generation will have a safe place to get together and play and create the memories we cherish now.  Remember the trampoline and the chocolate and biscuits.  Remember the uncle and aunts that loved you all beyond belief.  Remembering playing in the bedrooms of that huge house and telling secrets like only cousins can do.  How about the front fence and climbing it like monkeys or the pear trees in the backyard that several of you got sick from eating to many pears?  We didn't take enough pictures.  How about the egg hunts?  Playing in the church parking lots when you were told to stay inside the fence.  You thought Granny didn't know.  Wink. This week I've been blessed beyond my comprehension with Kiley Faye's birth.  I'm still trying to pinch myself and see if I'm going to wake up from an incredible dream. I hope Kiley has that closeness with her cousins like you and yours did.  Shawna,Kara and Keli all have kids as does Josh and Rebecca.  Shelly is so much a part of Josh's kids lives she might as well have carried them.  She loves those babies so much.  Chadlee and Charlee have there little angels.  Justin has 3 incredible kids and Marcus has one on the way.  The friendships and possibilities are endless.  Exciting times but we miss you.  I wish you were here to enjoy this time with your children and our family but I know that God in his infinite wisdom has a much better plan.   I miss you Nick.  I loved you beyond comprehension.  It's a family thing.  RIP.
I miss him so much.. always happy with a smile. No matter what he was going through he always made sure people he cared about were happy. I really miss his singing and dancing... always cuttin up.. He is truly missed...
It has been 4years since I watched u drive away with a big smile on your face saying I love u mom your the bomb...ill cherish those words forever..I miss u son
WE MISS U SO MUCH....
FOREVER IN MY HEART...I MISS U SON
One of my fondest memories is of Nick and his cousins sitting around Granny's table in the kitchen eating Chocolate Gravy.
Dearest Carter,  another year has flown as I think of you getting your wings Daddy has gone back to Uni, for a diploma &amp; you would be so proud! I have spent the last 24 hours sending you warmest &amp; gentlest hugs little angel, you will always be in all our hearts, always not far from our thoughts &amp; always with us all as we journey through this life. You have taught us all so much about life here on earth. There is a lunar eclipse, but I guess you know that, as you would have seen it before us here on earth. I made Daddy a bracelet for you &amp; him last night, Blue crystal like your eyes &amp; yellow for Daddy, blended to remind him of you when he gets a bit sad.... I hope to meet you one sweet day little angel, you brought me courage the way you fought, Thankyou from the bottom &amp; depths of my soul for all the love I've been taught... Much Love sweetheart...
Forever a torch in my heart for you, Little Angel loved so much may you alway's know how many souls you have had the chance to touch" ✨
I miss you so much baby. I've thought about you every day since you left. I hope you're at peace. Love forever, mummy xoxo &lt;3
Rest in Peace Little One.
Resting in peace darling boy your family will miss you but you are safe from harm now baby xxx
You was much to young to pass just like my little boy, you have your wings now. Now you live without any pains or worries. Lift your parents with your joyful spirt!
Good morning, Jeff and your Mom! I know y’all are having a wonderful reunion in heaven with Jesus by your side. We miss you so much!
Jeff, I know you are there with your mama. So, give her a big hug from all of us. Happy birthday!
I can't believe that it has been 25 years. Love and miss you Jeff!
Jeff, look down on us and smile. We miss you.
Memories are all blessings!!
We all miss you very much
Thinking about Jeff and his determination to not let anything stop him. We'll always remember.
We all miss you very much and still think about you
Jeff is in heaven watching down in us. We will miss you always.
Jeff, you are always in our heart. Now you are with God. Happy birthday!
We all miss and loved you very much
Always remembering the blessing Jeff gave our life.
Jeff we still think about you
I have been thinking about this special day all week. Watch over us Jeff. You will always be in our hearts!
You are always in my thoughts son,Mama has all these precious memories that i am so grateful for.I am at peace with loosing you,it has took years but i know now it was what god thought was best for you not your mom and dad and sister.I do miss you terribly but also know we will see you again.You were a blessing to this family and we were proud you were our son.I love you always, mama
Miss you very much--you were a fine young man
we miss you jeff very much.
Jeff it seems like yesterday you were coming in our back door. I remember when you broke your arm. First thing the next morning you couldn't wait to show off your cast. Now you are in heaven with the doctor of the whole world, Jesus! We have wonderful memory's to keep forever in our hearts. You are the example of how to live. Never letting anything get in your way. You blessed us all.
Happy Birthday Jeff. I Love You
Happy Birthday Jeff! Love and miss you with all my heart!
missing you so much today,wish you were here with us.I know Christmas coming is why you are so heavy on my mind.All of us miss you so on that special day.I know you are there with all of us but oh how i wish i could see you and hug you.Your sister miss's you so and your three nieces would love to have known you.We speak of you often to them.I pray that you watch over and protect them.Mom.
I miss Jeff everyday, I know he is having a wonderful time in heaven. Can hardly wait til we are all there together!  Merry Christmas Jeff, Love you forever!!
Lovin and missin you like mad. You and Bonnie give each other a big hug for me!
I love &amp; miss you with all my heart &amp; soul.
Jeff I know you had the best birthday. We miss you.
Happy Birthday Jeff! Miss you so very much.
Happy Birthday Jeff! Miss you. You were the best!!
well son,another year gone by without you.I know you know how much you are missed.I can't help but wonder what you would look like now and what you would be doing with your life.Mom loves you and nothing can come between that not even death. There will always be a place in my heart that is empty.
happy birthday jeffery i miss you very much.
happy bithday jeffery---i miss you jeff
Happy Easter Big Brother! I love and miss you so very very much!
Love You Jeff. Miss you every day! It just seems like yesterday we were sneaking out driving your Maverick to the store getting icee's love ya cuz!!!!!!
Thinking of you...love you....miss you! Wish you could be here to see your niece dressing up and going to homecoming tomorrow. I know you'll be looking down on her.
We will always remember the blessing of knowing you. You will forever be in our hearts.
missing you every day,i have a empty hole in my heart,love and miss you so.mom
Happy Birthday Big Brother! I LOVE and MISS you so much!
Happy Birthday to Jeff. God give Jeff an extra hug for us today.
Happy Birthday, Jeff, Thank you for all the fond memories of you and Mark playing together and enjoying life.  I'm so sorry yours was cut short.  Will never forget your smile.  Judy (Allgood) Phlegar
Happy Easter Jeff!! It's a good one.
I can still see Jeff running around with all the boys. Knowing Jeff has been a blessing and will forever live in our hearts.
From Lil John...Jeff was my cousin, brother &amp; best freind. I miss him and cherish our fishing memories and will always cherish his awesome support on the HS football field. We will meet again my friend.  Love you!
I will always remember Jeff as a happy, fun-loving little boy who was my son, Mark's best friend.  I can still see them outside playing with their pop guns, riding in their little cars, enjoying life. We will never forget Jeff.
My Hero. Forever on my mind, forever in my heart, forever inked on my wrist! I miss you &amp; love you with all my heart. I believe I have you to thank big brother, for my loving heart, understanding, layed back yet toughness. You taught me courage.
Jeff was a very strong and loving person. I cherish my too few precious memories. Wish I had spent more time with him. He will always be in our hearts.
Way too much to say, lots of missed opportunities. How different life might have been. :( He will always own a big part of my heart!!!
Jeff you were my best friend and I will miss you always!!! We had some fun times. I could always count on you! Love you Jeff. You taught me to always see the best in people and life
jeff was a great peron,he loved life and fought hard for it.He loved sports,but was never able to participate.He loved to hunt and fish and did alot of it.He was our gift from god for 25 short years.He taught me to never give up.miss you son.Mom
I love you. Mom
I love you Mama I know you've been gone for a while but it seems like yesterday I miss you very much
I love you happy birthday
Mom I miss you just like it was today
Mom I miss you
mom i miss you so much i wish you was here i sure do need you to talk to love you
you will never be forgotted
I only met you once but will remember you forever. I will never taste another Thanksgiving dressing like yours. Memories of you will last a lifetime.
I love and miss you Grandma, but I know you know it. xoxox
My Love, it’s April, 2019, and you’re still standing close to me... I am forever thankful.  Not a day passes that I don’t wish you were still here sleeping next to me nightly.  I feel you here with me and that makes me feel safe; no matter where I am at that particular time.  I know you’re resting peacefully and for that I’m grateful to God!  I Love you Stan... forever your wife, “Winnie”
Hello My Love, Thank you for visiting with me many times this month... when the times are fewer than I think they should be, I wonder if you’re angry with me for one reason or another.  You have made me quite happy with knowing you haven’t made forgotten me.  I feel so warm and safe when you’re near me.  I love you so much and the feeling never lessens.  Continue to stay close by me My Love as I treasure our times together.  Lovingly, your wife for all eternity “Winnie “
Hello My Love,  I started my note to you on the first of the month, them got pulled away... I know, like you, that Valentines Day is tomorrow and it’s the time of year that loved ones declare their forever love to their soulmate.  Well, I’m here doing just that... you and I will forever be husband and wife... our love will never die.  Continue Resting In Paradise ‘till we meet in heaven.  Your wife for life, “Winnie
Good morning my love,  it's 8 years today... can you believe it?  You're still my first thought every morning, and last every night.  How are you doing these days?  Thank you for your visit last night... I felt you, I will always love you my darling.  Continue watching over me as our love connection remains strong. I so miss you Stan.  Back to resting my love...  Your wife forever... "Winnie"
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE... Today you’re 64 and I’m sure dancing ‘till you drop at your party in heaven.  Since you love dancing
Happy Thanksgiving My Forever Love,  Remembering our Thanksgiving togetherness gave me comfort yet I still missed you terribly!  I love you and always keep you close to my heart ❤️ daily.  Rest in Paradise My Love who is gone too soon.
Hello My Love, It was so nice to hear our granddaughter, Ezell day she knows how much I miss you... and st 5 years of age, what does she really know of missing someone??? She said that with looking at our pictures she can tell that I still miss you so much and that is out of the mouth of a baby.  I do still miss you sooooo much and especially now that your birthday nears and the anniversary of your death follows not to far behind your birthday.  Continue visiting, as I look forward to those visits to know you’re still with me as you promised.  Love ❤️
Hello My Love,  the website has been updated and crazy me didn’t know how to find how to leave you a tribute... or write to you.  I talk to you all the time and I am sure you hear my prayers to you each night.  I almost came to you last month according to one of my doctors.  This Graves Disease almost took me to the grave due to catching the flu twice back-to-back and being too weak to catch my strength which is weakened.  I lost 10 pounds one week and started looking real grey in color... by the time I got to the doctor, she said “OMG WINNIE, YOU LOOK LIKE SHIT!” So blunt she is... but I couldn’t see it,  I got weak, but didn’t know it was so serious.  Feeling better now and gained almost 3 lbs in a week... YEAH...YUCK... I like being skinny.  Okay
My Love,  I know it's a little late writing you, but on my phone, it takes me to the site where I am only able to view the site and not able to send a tribute to you...  but, that's not important since we speak everyday.  Thank you for hanging in here with me; I don't feel alone when I know you're here.  You said you would always watch over me and you're keeping your promise.  I love you sooooo much!  I thought my feelings and love would fade after some time passed, but that isn't the case.  It's been 91 months and 14 days since God brought you back home with Him, but in my heart, it feels like yesterday.  I know your mom, dad, sister, my brother Louie, and my mom are keeping you from being sad or lonely.  You already know you are the light of my life and I promise to always keep you close in my heart.  'Till next time, continue Resting In Paradise My Love... you wife forever... "Winnie"   (11215)
My Love,  I can’t stop thinking about us... I have questioned God so many times WHY he brought you home with him and leave me behind to deal with reality.  I miss you still so very much... I never knew my ❤️ could hurt as much as it does... I can’t get over you.  My love grows stronger vs. deminishing for you.  I have asked God for his help and guidance in what and why on everything involving me.  I want you back if I am to live... I don’t know what I want my life to be.  Keep looking after me!  I love you.
88 months... WOW
Sweetie, I can't believe I forgot to write on your site... I've been talking to you all month waiting for the beginning of the month coming up to write you again and something told me to check-in to see if anyone else had written you.  Low-and-behold I see that I didn't write myself... shame on me.  I love you; as you have heard all month, and apologize for missing my official hello.  I haven't forgotten you one-little-bit, just thought I did.  I'll be writing you again in a couple days.  Luv Ya!  Winnie  (10936)
My Love,  you’re still very much a major part of my everyday thoughts and being.  I dream of you constantly during the month and they are so vivid that it feels like you’re still here with me.  I know I am not crazy but, the love I have for you is real... so real that reality doesn’t really matter when it comes to you.  You constantly visiting me makes my life worth living.  I thought with this last car accident you were calling for me and I was ready to join you but, God hasn’t finished with me yet.  I will follow God and do whatever he has for me yet to do.   I love you now and forever.  Lovingly,  your Wife (10801)
I’m back... I hope you’re still resting in paradise as you so deserve.  I so love you and can’t put you on the back burner in my life.  You are watching over me as we both know, so I don’t have to hash out what is going on in my everyday life.  I feel like your passing was just yesterday and can’t mentally cope sometimes.  I love you still, probably more with each passing day... I look for that same love I so miss that we shared.  It's hard to accept that I'll never be as happy again.  I love you Stan... I pray to God that He will help me and guide me to where I need to be.  Your wife forever, "Winnie"  (10743)
Hello My Love (for life).  Can't believe it's been 7 years since I've had the chance to hold and kiss you.  At 8:11 PM I was devastated and blessed at the same time to  have shared your last breath and heartbeat.  Playing Smooth Jazz all night for our last night together, and caring for you until the morning, allowed me to be able to accept the fact that you were really gone... that was the coldest and longest night I'd shared with you as I was able to watch you peacefully and calmly travel up the stairwell to heaven.   I have kept my promise that I'd never love another the way we loved one another.  The largest portion of my heart went to heaven with you... and I don't expect my feelings to change any time soon.  My life will be complete once I'm back in your arms.  Thank you for continuing to visit me, for I still need you and your continued love.  My love; continue to "Rest In Paradise!"  Your wife forever, Winnie    (10680)
Thinking of you "Stan da man!" Seems unreal that so much time has past since your welcoming into everlasting life on New Years day. You are missed, my mother misses you to no end. Please continue to look over her and lead her to happiness as I am worried about her. Although you both love each other I love her more and I need her with me. I know it's selfish but I am that way as you and I know our love for her is strong. Continue to be at peace and watch over my mom like you've been and keep her safe as she continues to love you every passing day. Peace &amp; Love. Shanie
Happy Birthday to you,,, Happy Birthday to you,,, Happy Birthday My Love Stanley,,, Happy Birthday to you!  63 years, can you believe it?  Hope your Mom, Dad, My Mom, Louie and all your friends had a great time at your party... thought I'd give you a holla when you came back home tonight (SMILE).  come on and jump into the bed where we can cuddle all night.  Love You Sweetie! 10609
My Forever Love, I have been so depressed lately that I almost didn't write to you.  Though I speak to you daily, I am especially weepy these days.  I  want God to give you back to me... At times I don't want to be here without you; and then I know God had other plans for you that I shouldn't question, but I sooooooo miss you.  Your birthday is in a couple weeks and I wish you were here to celebrate it with me and your family &amp; friends...  Forgive me for not being able to let you go in my heart, for I still love you with all my heart.  Okay I'll stop babbling about something I can't change.  I continue to say the SERENITY Prayer and wish you continued Rest in Paradise!  Your Wife Forever... "Winnie"  (10590)
My Forever Love ❤️ I'm checking on you though I speak to you daily; I want to make sure you're still resting in paradise.  Isn't this crazy world going straight to hell with these crazy shooters taking the lives of innocent people?  A few weeks ago I was there in Las Vegas as you well know but, I know you were watching over me as you promised you would.  I wish it was the two of us there or in Puerto Rico again.. before Hurricane Maria destroyed it.  Maybe again I can go and you will be there with me.  Well, wishful thinking and dreaming.  One day we will be together again,  just stay near and hold me clean we to you heart. Loving you forever!  Your wife, Winnie
HAPPY 8th ANNIVERSARY My Love... Can you believe it?  After 14+ years loving one another, we finally get married,,, God sees how very happy each of us are finally, and then He brings you home to be with Him.. How ironic!  One thing that has remained, is that I never stopped loving you!  I thank God every day that we had the time together to show each other that no matter what was in our past with other people, we were able to give unconditional love to one another.  I thank you for being My Soul Mate for Life.  I love you Sweetheart... Continue to Rest In Paradise My Dear!  Till next time!  XXXOOO
Well My Love, I keep getting on the webpave at work and then get called to come out on the sales floor to work.  We're so short staffed now that I turn into a true Diva Bitch until I can get off the floor and go back to my personal work area.  I know you're watching over me because sometimes I can almost smell you.  Thank you so much for continuing to visit with me, because I love you more with each passng day.  Sorry for the delay in writing you, but you know we speak dailily and that is so comforting.  Continue Resting In Paradise My Love and know I'm always here for you and your visits!  Your Wife Forever!
Hello My Love,  Another month of feeling the same but stronger love I had/have for you since the night GOD brought you home to finish the remaining eternal life with him.  I always thank you for never really leaving me... we're just a thought away from one another.  You have been my soulmate since the day I let down my shield and allowed you into my heart.  I have never and will never love another as I love you.  Continue to watch over me and visit me so I don't feel afraid or alone.  I thank GOD for bringing us together, and I thank you for always loving me as you promised you would on your dying bed.  RIP My Love!  Your Wife for Life.  "Winnie
Hello Sweetheart, 76 months has passed... can you believe it?  My love, my feelings are even stronger today and I thank you for continuing to visit with me weekly.  What wonderful memories I have and it seems more often you pop into my mind during the day, like you're with me now... it's like the feeling someone is watching you.  Then the comfort envelopes me and I feel your presence and no longer frightened.  Ok Sweetie, you continue to Rest-In-Paradise, and know I'm always holding our pocket of love in my heart warm for you.  Lovingly, "Your Wife Always!
Hey  Sweetie, hope you're resting in paradise.  You've visited me so much lately I forgot to update this webpage. You're with me daily so you know what's happening with me.  I miss your touch and laughter but love that you've decided to stay as close as possible, and I appreciate it.  I have never stopped loving you and don't believe I ever will.  Till next month, keep watching over me.  Luv Ya!  Your wife forevermore!
Hey  Sweetie, hope you're resting in paradise.  You've visited me so much lately I forgot to update this webpage. You're with me daily so you know what's happening with me.  I miss your touch and laughter but love that you've decided to stay as close as possible, and I appreciate it.  I have never stopped loving you and don't believe I ever will.  Till next month, keep watching over me.  Luv Ya!  Your wife forevermore!
Hey  Sweetie, hope you're resting in paradise.  You've visited me so much lately I forgot to update this webpage. You're with me daily so you know what's happening with me.  I miss your touch and laughter but love that you've decided to stay as close as possible, and I appreciate it.  I have never stopped loving you and don't believe I ever will.  Till next month, keep watching over me.  Luv Ya!  Your wife forevermore!
Hey  Sweetie, hope you're resting in paradise.  You've visited me so much lately I forgot to update this webpage. You're with me daily so you know what's happening with me.  I miss your touch and laughter but love that you've decided to stay as close as possible, and I appreciate it.  I have never stopped loving you and don't believe I ever will.  Till next month, keep watching over me.  Luv Ya!  Your wife forevermore!
Stan, I can still hear you say, " my ducks may not all be in a row but I am still doing okay!! Well, me too my friend! As a matter of fact those ducks have a mind of there own sometimes!!! I sure miss you &amp; all chats &amp; the big guy misses the heck out of you too!! Until we meet again good buddy!! Peggy &amp; Victor
Hello My Love❤️  It's your wife forever sending my love to you on your 6th Anniversary of our last kiss good night and goodbye.  Continue resting in paradise knowing I will always love you as deeply as before God called you home.  Thank you for continuing to visit me and watching over me daily... as I feel your presence.  Do know that our love is still as strong as ever, and I will do my part to keep my love for you as precious as the day we wed. 'Till next time I talk to you.  You wife " Winnie
Well My Love, today you're 62 years young; can you believe it?  And, we're still holding on strong... I am so grateful that you and I still have a love that has lasted years after God called you back home to be with him and the rest of the angels up there in heaven.  I feel your presence when you visit me on a daily basis... that's why we will always be connected until I join you one day.  I will keep you in my heart as I promised I would, and love you 'till eternity.  Continue Resting in Paradise My Love.  "Winnie
Hey Pal... HAPPY BIRTHDAY... don't know where to start? Here we gozzz I only know you for 3 short years... but when I started with the county you made me feel welcomed and showed me everything you also had the best advice, your sayings and "Stanisms" still live on... to this day I'm always using them... "BETTER HAVE IT AND NOT NEED IT THAN NEED IT AND NOT HAVE IT" , "you gotta have humility in your life or you'll get humiliated", you were one of my favorite bosses I ever had always willing to help even though u acted like you didn't want too!! LOL... I'm sure you know what's going on with me... I have a 4 year baby boy named Lorenzo and wish you could have met him... I also moved up in the world on April 29 2013 I got hired for the Westchester county corrections department! I know you would have been sooo proud and happy I got out of the road maint! You always used to tell me Kamal "If you don't like your Job than I suggest you find your self a new one" LOL! Ok SJ it's been great writing this! May your keep resting in paradise with my grandma Eve... and continue watching over all of us!!! Love ya man!!!  Add me
Hello My Sweetheart For Life... you know it was our 7th Wedding Anniversary on the 9th of September... and I couldn't stop thinking about how it would have been for us if you were still here.  I felt like not writing you the month of September because it hurt too much.  I still love you as much I ever and can now talk to you since it's now October 1st.  I'll be speaking to you soon.  Continue to Rest In Paradise My Love.  "Winnie
Hello My Love... As I felt your presence, you know I got married last Sunday.  I am happy and I know I have your approval on my pick, Ron Hines.  Ron is a wonderful man and I love him... but, you will always have a part of my heart.  Rest in Paradise my love as I still feel your love around me daily.  Lovingly, Winnie
Hey My Sweetie,  I am back sending my love your way.  hope all is well with you and you^re Resting in Paradise as I always wish for you.  I thank you for keeping watch over me..as I pray will always be.  I will speak wirh you soon... Lovingly, You wife for life, Winnie
Stan, My Man... You know I haven't forgotten you as I speak to you daily.  I haven't written on your memorial website for a minute, but as you know, I've been a bit busy these days.  I keep saying I'm going to write tonight... then, by the time I wind down, I fall asleep.  You know me and my sleeping sitting up.  Well, today I said no matter what was going on with me in this crazy life of mine, I'm going to write you and put it in writing that you're still with me every day, and always will be.  Keep watch over me as I am still needing your comfort.  Love Ya Babe!  Winnie  :-)
Hello Sweetie, THANK YOU for still visiting me.  I think you've visited me more this month and I am trying to listen to any message you're trying to give me.  I apologize that I haven't heard it yet, but I do appreciate all your visits none-the-less...  You still have my heart, so not to worry... Continue Resting-In-Paradise, My Love.  Winnie
Hello My Love,  I know your ears  have been burning today.   Another month has passed too soon ahson, but I am still here loving you with 99% of my heart.  I'm sharing 1% with another man in hopes you approve of the man I've chosen.  I want you to give me a yeah/neah in your next visit.  I trust you have my best interest at heart and will do me right.  I could never compare him with you, but I  would do the same it the tables were turned.  I know you want me to be happy,  that's why I am sharing this personal decision with you.  Looking forward to your next visit.  Loving, your wife... "Winnie
Hey Sweetie, I know I'm a little late writing you, but I speak to you every day and forgot the date.  I'm still attached in spirit with you, and always will be... 5 years and 70 days since I last kissed you and I miss you terribly.  I know life goes on, and I keep you updated with what's going on down here as you can see for yourself.  I said yes to Ron Hines on getting remarried.  He's the man you met many, many, moons ago at a birthday party to Joy's 1st son's, and Joy's uncle.  He is a divorced man who finds me quite interesting, sweet, kind, and he'd like to share the rest of his life with me.  Ron is a wonderful, kind man and I believe you would approve of him being my partner for the remainder of my life.  I will always love you and he can't remove that pocket that I have reserved for you that will always be yours... but I am opening my love to someone else now.  I will never compare our love because there is no comparison but, I think it's time to move on.  Lovingly, your wife forever... Winnie"
Hello My Love, 5 years and one month... can you believe it? It still feels like yesterday.  I find myself speaking to you daily as always and it hasn't slowed down.  Ezell looked at our picture on Thursday and said, "Bubba, you look so happy, who's that (talking about you)?"  I told her, "Yes Bubba is very happy, and that's Pop-Pop Stan."  She said, "Okay, you look so happy!" She smiled at me, and then went on in the living room to continue playing.  You're missed everyday, do know that.  I'll always love you, my dear... Lovingly, your wife forever, "Winnie
Here we are another year, you ain't missing a thang Stan.  Wishing you a Happy New Year even though its not as happy without you physically here, but you definitely are in spirit, you in here!  Keep a watch over my mom and continue to rest in peace.  Much love, always, Shanie ;)
Five years today, My Love, and it is just as vivid as it was in 2011.  I still love and miss you terribly.  I know you would want me to go on with my life, and I  am,  but, you will forever be in my heart. I am praying that you are enjoying your time in your new life after this one on earth, and are at peace.  I Love You!  Your wife forever, "Winnie. XXXXXXOOOOOO
Time is going past fast doesn't seem like it's been 5 yrs already. I hope that you are continuing to rest in peace and that the after life is as glorious as we were taught that it would be. I hope that you and Grandma are enjoying each others company, hey would you look for my Uncle Leroy, he went home in November he is hilarious and has a heart of gold. You will know he's family cause he just makes you feel like home. Love n miss you guys. Take care of one another....til we meet again.
Happy belated Birthday Stan....sorry I didn't get to it yesterday!I know that you and GmaRogets are cutting up....miss you...keep watch over her. Lisa
Hey Stan! I just wanted to send you a Birthday shout out wish to let you know you are thought of and not forgotten.  Sending you my love; you are missed!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU. ..HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU. ..HAPPY 61ST BIRTHDAY MY DEAR STANLEY...HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!  Hello My Love (XXXXXXOOOOOO)  I know you're celebrating up there with my Mom.  I heard the song by Pharrell, "HAPPY", and I knew you were dancing with her.  I've been thinking of you all day and felt your presence.   I've been a bit depressed since the weather started to change to the cold, but knowing I'd be able to share your day with you brought me pleasure beyond you wildest dreams.  I worked hard, and even did some overtime because I didn't want this day to end.  I'm home now with SNJ, and winding down, but wanted to share all of today with you. You continue to Rest in Paradise!!!  Love you forever My Love
Hey My Darling Sweetheart... can you believe 8 days from now we will have been married for 6 years already... WOW how time flies.  I'm still treasuring our lovely day at City Hall with my mom, some of my family, Joy, Peggy and Victor.  What a wonderful memory!  I still love you as much today as that day when we vowed our love to one another in the eyes of God.  I still pray you're Resting In Paradise!  I'll see you again one day.  Lovingly, your wife forever,,,  "Winnie
Good Morning my love,  Lisa, who was almost sharing the clouds with you, has pulled through and I'm on my way back home.  How are you sweetie?  Sending you my love, exhausted,  and ready to make it back up North.  I'll speak with you again shortly... Rest in Paradise my love.  Winnie
My Love, another month has passed and I thank you for your visit.  We are definitely soul mates for life. I miss your tender touch still but, enjoy your visits during the night.  That is why I always leave a light on at night to let you know you are always welcome to visit at any time you wish.  You comfort me when I'm frightened by thunderstorms and I know you are still looking out for me daily to make sure I get to my destination and then back home safely.  Loving you forever.  "Winnie" your wife until the day we meet again in paradise.
My Sweet Darling, It's now May 1st and I'm praying you're still resting in peace.  I was dreaming of being with you up in heaven and couldn't open my eyes to come out.  You seem to be having much fun.  I was able to see my brother, mom, dad, and thought I had died in my sleep.  Wow,,,, how vivid the dream was.  I was surprised when I woke and found myself to be still here on earth.  Missing you, and still loving you.  Your wife forever, "Winnie
My Sweet Darling, another month has passed.  It's now 4 years and 2 months since God brought you home to be with him.  I know you are watching all this snow fall and knowing how much I HATE it, it brings me comfort to know how much I enjoyed shoveling the driveway for you to come home after so many hours making the roads safe for all of us. All you had to do was come in and let me take care of you and make sure you took a shower, fill your stomach with something warm, a little cuddling before a good 8 hours of uninterrupted rest.  Oh how I miss those days (SMILE), not the snow... just the times we shared... Thank God for the memories.  LUV YA Sweetheart.  "Winnie
Dear Pa I look up to you and always will, i remember when me and you would go for walks up to goldies rock. I love you and i will never forget you love you XOXO.
Pa, i truely miss you, even though you're not walking upon the surface of the Earth, you are always by my side to protect me. Until i go to heaven, even if it's years and years from now, i will be waiting to feel your hugs again. Love you!! xxooxxoox
Pa, you are missed more than words could ever express. I know you hear me talk to you and I thank you for the little signs that show you are still with us.We love you and carry you around in our hearts everyday. RIP Pa XXOO
Happy Birthday to you Elizabeth!!  I know you are celebrating with all your friend's and family in Heaven today!  We miss you!
It seems only yesterday when I saw you while we were putting away tobacco, and in the kitchen or den when I came to play cards at your house or Gary Joe and Brodie Jr teasing you tossing you on their shoulders and dropping you to the ground. You are sorely missed and deeply loved and remembered., Such a wonderful woman that I had the pleasure of not only being related to but being able to call my aunt, my friend.
Happy Birthday to our friend, Elizabeth!!  I know you are having a grand birthday celebrating with a new body with no pain or sickness!  We miss you!
Today marks the 2nd anniversary of your death!  We speak often of you and still miss you so much.  We had so many fun times over the years at Providence Baptist Church and will meet again in Heaven 1 day and continue talking about the good old days!  Tell my Mama I miss her so much too and we will all be together again 1 day in Heaven and continue the fun times!!  We love you Elizabeth!!
Thank you for this email.  Mrs. Jones was very special to our family.  I know this has been a difficult year for you all.  You will always miss her but the memories you will always have. Take care
Gary Joe, Brodie and Family, I am so sad that I didn't know of your Mom's passing until a week later.  I will always remember her and all the love she had for her family and friends! She was such a very special person to so many!  Keeping you and your family in our prayers.
It has been 1 yr. today since we lost our good friend.  Although she is in Heaven and not sick anymore, we still miss her and always will!!  We love you Elizabeth and hope you and Mama are having a good time, tell her I miss her and love her always~  Nancy and Woodrow Dickerson
There are no words to express how sad we feel about her death. She was our friend and we loved her so much. We had some good times going places together. We laughed a lot about Gary Joe and Brodie Jr. She always enjoyed talking about them and picking on them. They were the gleam in her eye right along side her grandchildren that she was so proud of. Love to you all! Keeping you in our prayer's.
To the family of Eliabeth, I am very sorry to hear about your mom.  My fondist memories of her will be in the church and being my friend that I love dearly.  My prayers and thoughts are with you.  Nancy Averett D.Y. Averett"s daughter.
Gary Joe,Brodie Jr.and family,we are so sorry to hear about the passing of your mom.I know the Lord will give you all the strength to cope and deal with this. Keeping you all in our prayers and thinking about you. Love Tommy and Susan
Gary Joe, Brodie Jr.and family, I am so sorry to hear about your loss.  Your mom I will always remember with a smile. She was a loving and Christan woman.  She will be missed by so many. Keeping you and your family in our prayers and asking God to grant you the inner peace and strength that you will need at this difficult time. In Christian Love, Linda Adcock,(Mary Wayne Bowling's daughter)
I am sad that I did not find out about it until too late even though I have tried to contact someone to come and see her. I know even though I was not around much lately I still loved her she was my aunt and my family. Much love is sent your way with hopes that maybe walls won't always be there. May God stay with you through these trying times. Love from my family, Tina Ellis
Lighting a candle
My beloved brother:  You are truly missed. We know you are with us in spirit, but we miss your warmth, your compassion and heartfelt advice.  We love you Wayne!
hey girl whats up i miss u very much oh i saw u flying in the clouds i know u was having fun doing that i hope i see u again love u girlfriend rest in peace love danielle
hey girlfriend how u doing i miss u very much i wish u didnt have 2 leave but god wanna u home i am sad because i cant see u but i do feel u every nite watching over me p.s.i love u rest in peace girl
hey girl what u doing dancing in heaven it will be 2 years u been gone i wish u was here i love u girl i hope u dance danielle
hey girlfriend how r u doing i miss u very much my heart is broken because u r not here icry everynight i try 2 be strong for everyboby rest in peace love danielle
I know Ryan that you are at peace now with yourself and knowing this is the only thing that makes any of this right.you struggled with so much inside your heart and mind and i hated that for you. Hayden is doing good and we talk and laugh about you all the time.He misses his daddy and it breaks my heart.you were there and then you were gone from his life.we look for signs from you all the time and its usually the cardinals that come to us from you. we will love and miss you forever and i still hear the last words you said to me that couldnt have been more appropriate....BYE MOM LOVE YOU   RIP RYAN
As we continue our life's journey, I continue to find your signs to guide us forward.  And, you are always close by in my thoughts, whatever I am doing.  Spending much time recalling memories today.
Thinking of you today.  Always miss you, but remember so many wonderful things you brought to our lives.  Your presence lives on with us in so many ways.  Amen!
Mom, thinking about you and missing you this Easter.  We felt your presence on Thursday when we got the keys for Dad's new house down the street here, your tears of joy in the form of rain, in this step as he moves closer to us.  We love you and miss you every day!!
Always in my thoughts, always in my prayers.  We miss you so very much here in Ohio.  Keep your vigilance in watching over us.  You are an inspiration to us all.
Miss you everyday mom.  I haven't taken off my wrist band since I put it on.  Not a day goes by I don't think about you.  Love you.
Mom, you taught and showed me through example with your faith, strength, unending love and support how to live thru faith in God’s compassionate plan to persevere through difficult life challenges when I’ve felt weak and things looked bleak.  You showed me the loving light when I saw darkness and despair.  You reminded me of my gifts and talents when I've felt helpless, frustrated or hopeless.  You comforted me with loving support when I've felt pain and sorrow.  Your guidance and love always gave me renewed purpose.   You taught me that success is measured best by kind loving acts given unconditionally with patience to others in their trying times of need. The happiest moments of my life have been when I’ve done things that made you smile and proud to be my mom.  Your unconditional love, lessons, strength and support will always be with me as I strive to continue my life in ways that I hope will again make you proud.   I love you and miss you mom, you will always be with me in my heart and mind never to be forgotten.
Rest in peace Mom!
Fly like an eagle. Go with God. Your work on earth is done! God needed this angel.
Your love will reside in our hearts forever.
I love you mom, I mis you.
